M.MAHENDER 
 
 
 
 
 
Contacts 
 
Address: 
Objective 
 
 
To secure a challenging position where I can effectively contribute 
my skills as an IT professional possessing competent technical skills 
 
  
Skill Highlights 
 
 
     Active listening 
 
     Time management 
 
     Problem solving 
  
Major Projects
H.NO:175,Suraram(V), Mahadevpur(M),               
jayashankar(D) 
Phone: +919676362044 
Email: 
mahender.madaka1@gmail.com 
 
Languages 
 
 
English 
Telugu 
 
 
Technical Skills 
 
 
Programming Languages - C,C++,JAVA 
WebTechnologies:PHP,JSP,JavaScript, 
HTML,CSS 
Tools - MS Word,MS Excel 
Operating 
Systems:Windows,Ubuntu(Linux) Data 
bases:My SQL 
 
 
Learning Outcomes 
Android Phone Theft Security with GPS Tracking 
Description: 
 
  
Anti theft mobile security is an application which will notify user 
when trigger it 
  
This application has registration module use have to register 
himself to get access of web application as well app access 
  
If user is lost the phone user should login into application and 
trigger the lost phone  button. 
      Then application takes the picture of lost phone and send the GPS 
coordinated web application to track the phone. 
 
  
I here by conclude that using this application user can track down 
the thief and it allows user to view the location and image of the 
thief 
 
 
Education 
Guru Nanak Instution Technical Campus,Hyderabad 
 
 B.Tech  CSE |2019 
C.G.PA : 54.07% 
 
 Govt Polytechnic,Warangal 
Diploma (Dcme) | 2015
 
                                                                                          C.G.P.A  : 66.52%
I have understand  the fundamentals and 
basics concepts of C,C++,java,html 
css,php,jsp,Java script.and also got 
command on different os and data base. 
 
Model High Secondary School, Mahadevpur 
 
 X |2012 C.G.P.A:9.5 
Certifications 
Pre-conference Tutorial on Artifical Intelligence:future of Machines 

TATIYANA MUDHOO
LOOKING FOR OPPORTUNITIES IN DESIGN
TATIYANA MUDHOO
LOOKING FOR OPPORTUNITIES IN DESIGN
PROFILE SUMMARY
EDUCATION
BA (Hons) Filmmaking, 2020
Northern Film School | Leeds, England

Specialty: Cinematography
Use of Adobe Premiere for editing
Creation of a model to scale for a class project
Worked on several graduation short films in various roles
French Baccalaureate (with honours), 2016
Lycée La Bourdonnais | Forest-Side, Mauritius

Specialty: Literature and Humanities
Theatre / Drama from 2013 to 2016 

BA Cinema and Audiovisual - Year 1, 2016-2017
Université Bordeaux-Montaigne | Bordeaux, France

History of Cinema
Understanding of Screenwriting
Analysis of Films & Methodology
WORK EXPERIENCE
Translator, Sept. 2021 - Present
Celero Group | Tombeau Bay, Mauritius

Translate texts from English to French
Research industry-specific terminology
Customer Assistant, Nov. 2018 - Aug. 2021
Vue Entertainment | Leeds, England

Train new employees on floor & concession protocols
Perform opening and closing duties
Cash register operations
Check for disturbance and  technical issues
Sales Team, Dec. 2021 - Present
Young Style | Beau-Bassin, Mauritius

Promote products and new arrivals
Tailor advice and recommendations to customers
Study market trends and identify sales opportunities
Assist in the opening of a new store: location research, inventory
Creative-minded and self-driven, with a good understanding of design 
principles and a proficiency in Figma, Adobe Photoshop and Adobe 
Illustrator. I am seeking work opportunities in the design industry.
I am a fast-learner and  work well within a team.
(+230) 5704 5069
tatiyanamudhoo@gmail.com
linkedin.com/in/tatiyana-mudhoo/
Beau-Bassin, Mauritius
CONTACT DETAILS
 Pian
 Drawin
 Photograph
 Travel

- Trips to the UK, France,
Germany, Poland, Madagascar
et
 Readin
 Writing


- Short Story 'Adieu la Vie' 
(Project''Mauritius and the Great
War'' for the Centennial of the Great
War in 2015) 

- Nominee for the ''Short Stories
Competition of Madagascar and
the Indian Ocean'' in 2014
HOBBIES &INTERESTS 
SKILLS 
 French (Native Language
 English (Bilingual
 German (Level B1
 American Sign Language 
(Beginner
 Mauritian Creole (Native)
Languages
 Adobe Photosho8
 Adobe Illustrato5
 Adobe Premier>
 Figm2
 Canv2
 Microsoft Office Suite 
Digital Literacy Skills

Shagun Sharma
Product designer | Architect | Artist
shagunsharma1954@gmail.com
linkedin.com/in/shagunsharma04/
Portfolio link
EXPERIENCE
UI/UX Designer, nurture.farm
April 2022 - Present, Bengaluru
nurture.fam is a digital ag platform offering farm 
services, agri-input commerce and driving 
sustainability in agriculture
 Built a robust design system from scratch with an 
easy to use plug-and-play library of components, 
which improved the workflow for designers and 
developers. 
 Re-designed the partner app which focused on 
improving the information architecture, navigation, 
usability and engagement. 
 Upgraded the visual design language for the retail 
platform which includes the retail app as well as 
the SellerFirst web portal.  
UI/UX Intern, nurture.farm
December 2021 - April 2022, Bengaluru 
 Designed website and marketing collaterals for 
the Spring event, which was themed on the role of 
design in agri-tech.  
 Conducted UI audits for all our suites of product 
with the aim to define a visual design language for 
our platforms.
 Conducted interviews for the Women in 
Agriculture initiative which highlighted the voices 
of women in the agri-tech sector.
Architect, StudioPOD
June 2018 - November 2020, Mumbai
StudioPOD is an award-winning, international planning 
and urban design practice
 Led the design team for Thane Streetscapes 
Project (Part of Smart City Initiative), which aimed 
at revamping 13km of streetscapes in Thane 
district.
EDUCATION
Google UX Design Course
Foundations of UX Design | 2021
Balwant Sheth School of Architecture, 
Mumbai
Bachelors of Architecture | 2013 - 2018
SKILLS
Design
Wireframing, Rapid prototyping, 
Responsive design, Design systems, 
Visual design, Interaction design, 
Illustration, Agile & lean UX
Research
User research, Usability testing, Journey 
mapping, Personas, Storyboarding, 
Affinity diagrams, Workshopping, 
Information architecture
Tools
Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe CC (Illustrator, 
Photoshop, Indesign) , Miro, AutoCAD, 
Rhinoceros
ACHIVEMENTS
nurture.farm - Above and Beyond
October, 2022 | Performance Award
nurture.farm - Spotlight Award
August, 2022 | Performance Award 


 GAURAV PANDEY 
 E-mail     Github     Linkedin     CodeChef     HackerRank 
 Education 
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science & Information Technology 
 2020-2024 
 Mahatma Jyotiba Phule Rohilkhand University - Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh, India 
 GPA: 7.8  (up to v semester) 
 CLASS-XII |   Kendriya Vidyalaya Sriganganagar,sriganganagar(RAJ.) 
 2019 
 Percentage: 77.3% /100 
 CLASS-X   |   Kendriya Vidyalaya Sriganganagar,sriganganagar(RAJ.) 
 2017 
 Percentage: 9.5 CGPA 
 Skills & Technologies 
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
    Languages :  C/C++  HTML  CSS  Javascript  MySql  Java 
    Frameworks :  Bootstrap v5.1  ReactJS 
    Git  Github  VSCode  Linux  DSA  GCP  Computer Network  ADA  WebServices(REST/SOAP) 
 Projects 
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 Musify 
 Github  |  Deployment 
    Created a feature-rich music player web app using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, with functionalities like adding, 
 playing, pausing, and seeking songs. 
    Implemented responsive design using CSS for an aesthetically pleasing and user-friendly music player 
 experience. 
 MbaChaiWala 
 Github  |  Deployment 
    Developed a responsive website clone of  MbaChaiWala  for practicing ReactJS skills and gaining hands-on 
 experience in building modern web applications. 
    Utilized ReactJS, a popular JavaScript library for creating dynamic user interfaces, to replicate the functionalities 
 and design of  MbaChaiWala  website. 
 ChatBook 
 Github  |  Deployment 
    Created a group chat web app using ReactJS, Chakra UI, and Firebase for authentication and database 
 functionalities. 
    Implemented Google email ID authentication for secure and personalized chat experience in the web app. 
 Skiecues 
 Github  |  Deployment 
    Developed Skiecues, a web app using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript that displays weather forecast for 
 user-speciﬁed locations using OpenWeather API. 
    Implemented accurate weather data retrieval and display features for enhanced user experience in Skiecues web 
 app. 
 Achievements 
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
   
 Winner  of Inter university  Frontend development challenge Webathon 2.0 
   
 Global rank  2231  of 9000+ in  CodeChef starters  2022 (Div. 3). 
   
 Secured global rank  26  in  Codechef april long challenge 
   
 Google Cloud Ready  facilitator Program Fellow 2022 ,Google skill boost profile  CloudSkillBoost 
   
 Designated as  Chegg SPARK PLUG  for providing good solutions from chegg.inc. 

Mughals Mohammed Movein Beig 
Certified Data Scientist 
 
 Recent Graduate  desire to work as a data  scientist , skilled in predictive modeling, building 
decision support systems, and data mining. Strong experience with big data tools such as 
Hadoop, Hive, Pig, and Spark. Proficient in Python, MATLAB, SAS, R, and SQL. 
Experience 
April '23  - 
Present 
Data Science consultant at Rubixe AI Consulting ( Bangalore) 
  Fulfilled all data science duties for a high-end capital firm. 
  Created and presented models for potential holdings to fund managers. 
Achieved 20% better returns 
Academics 
2017-2021 
Vemana Institute of Technology, BE (MECH)  
CGPA : 7.0/10 
2015 - 2017 
Narayana Junior College, PUC (XI - XII)  88%  
2015 
Keshava Reddy School, SSC (X) 83%  
Certifications and Awards 
 
CDS International Association of Business Analytics (IABAC) 
 
Google Data Analytics Coursera 04/2023 - Present 
 
CDS Certification by Datamites, Bangalore 03/2023 
 
SQL for data analysis Udacity 01/2023 
 
Zero to Hero in Excel, Python Udemy 12/2022  
 
Movein96106@gmail.com  
Ph :- 9182917362 
Projects Annexure 
Jan'23 to  
Feb'23 
Project : Insurance Cost Prediction 
 
Project Description: In order to make the profit, insurance companies must collect a higher 
premium than the amount which may become due to the insured person. To achieve this, 
insurance companies have to invest a lot of time, effort, and money in creating models that 
accurately predict healthcare expenses. 
Feb'23 to  
April'23 
Project : Customer Credit Score - banking 
 
Project Description: Client of Rubixe  is a major banking client in India . The project goal is to 
calculate customer credit score and, which is then used for asset risk management and risk 
modelling of the asset portfolio. 
April'23 to  
May'23 
Project : Flight Price Prediction  
 
Project Description: Predicting Flight ticket prices can be something hard to guess, today we 
might see a price, tomorow same flight be a different story. That's why we will try to use machine 
learning to solve this problem. This can help airlines by predicting what are the prices that can be 
maintained. 
May'23 to  
Jun'23 
 
Project : AutoPricePred 
 
Project Description:  Here we are modelling the price of the cars with the available different 
specifications. It will be used by the management to understand how exactly the prices vary with 
those specifications. Then there can accordingly manipulate the design of the cars, the business 
strategy etc. to meet certain price levels. Further, the model will be a good way for management 
to understand the pricing dynamics of a new market. 
Jun'23 to  
July'23 
 
Project : GameWinnerPred 
 
Project Description:  Create a predictive model which is an attempt to predict the win probability 
of the Pubg match and to look at the important factors affecting the win probability of the pubg 
game.  
  
. 
LinkedIn  :- @Mughals 
Mohammed Movein Beig  
GitHub  :-  Movein96 
Technical Skills 
 
MS Excel, MS Office,  
Power Bi                                   
 
Python, Numpy, Pandas,  
Sklearn                                    
 
Data Analysis, Data Cleaning,  
Data Visualization, Tableau,  
Matplotlib                              
 
Machine Learning Modeling, 
statistics                                 
 
SQL, Cloud, AWS, Flask       
 
 
Soft Skills 
 

Problem Solving 

Critical Thinking 

Attention to detail  

Collaboration 

Creating positive 
customer interactions  

Creative and  
Interpersonal Skills 
Languages 
 
 English                                
 Telugu                                         
 Hindi                                                       
 Kananda                        
Address :-  # Divya Panchami 
App, 4th main road, Thayappa 
garden, Bilekahalli, Bangalore-
560076. 

+91 8447966555
Yuktabhutani001@gmail.com 
New Delhi
C O N T A C T
C E R T I F I C A T I O N S
E D U C A T I O N
W O R K  E X P E R I E N C E
Certification in social media and marketing 
Certification course in fundamental of digital
marketing from Google 
Certification in social media marketing  
 Certification in inbound marketing from Hubspot 
Mass Communication And Journalism  
Manav RACHNA INSTITUTE OF
RESEARCH AND STUDIES
2018-2021
Learned about the dynamic and diverse field of
journalism and mass communication, while also
studying a variety of subjects such as PR,
writing, photography, graphic designing and
digital marketing.
Account Management and Client Servicing 
Freeskout 
Conduct market research and analysis to evaluate brand awareness, upcoming
trends and target audience.
Overseeing the development of marketing materials, managing advertising
campaigns, and coordinating with other departments to ensure that campaigns
are executed smoothly.  
Generated new ideas and innovative ideas on multiple campaigns. 
Handling end to end communication, schedules and post cycle with influencers. 
Identify and liaisee with relevant influencers, negotiating fair rates for content
and ensuring the relevant agreements are in place.   
Tracking and maintaining performance metrics for all campaigns and ensuring
achievement of campaign goals. 
Aug 2022-Mar 2023
I N T E R N S H I P S
Social media marketing internship 
Social media marketing internship
Influencer marketing internship
------------THEDESIGNCART 
------------KEYARTNDESIGN
-------------GRAYMATTERS
Y U K T A  B H U T A N I
M A R K E T I N G  E X E C U T I V E
Social Media Marketing Executive
Address Home Decor 
Managing company's online presence over instagram and Facebook and
creating the strategies for the same. 
Created content as well as posters that resonates with the target audience and
supports the company's brand identity.
Building relationships with social media influencers and partnering with them to
promote the company's products. 
Planning and creating marketing calendars and strategies for the promotion of
the brand.  
Mainting good communication and coordination with the clients. 
Managing franchise outlets of the company and taking regular updates and
followup from the owners. 
Managing the company's social media budget, which includes allocating
resources to different campaigns and tracking expenses.
Coordinating with other teams such as marketing, sales, and customer service,
to ensure that social media campaigns align with the company's overall goals.
Dec 2021-Aug 2022
 
Certification in content marketing from Hubspot
Certification in Email marketing from Hubspot 
Influencer Marketing Executive  
Whizco 
Onboarded more than 500 content creators on leading applications like
MXTakatak, Netflix, Roposo, Tiki, instagram and many more social media
platforms. 
Checking the quality of content posted by creaters and helping them to maintain
the same.  
Finding, convincing and maintaining cordial relationship with the content  creators
and clients  
Coordinating with influencers about the clients requirement/feedback on emails,
calls and address their concerns.  
Support in the development and execution of researching potential influencers,
building relationships with them, and negotiating partnerships.
Managed influencer campaigns, which includes tracking performance metrics,
analyzing data, and optimizing campaigns to achieve maximum ROI.
Coordinated with other departments, such as marketing, PR, and social media, to
ensure that influencer campaigns align with the company's overall marketing
strategy.
Measured the effectiveness of influencer campaigns, using metrics such as
reach, engagement, and conversions.
 
S U M M A R Y
Dedicated expertise with the track record of
achieving business objectives through
systematic and regular procedures by using
marketing tactics and campaigns to fuel
business expansion and growth.  
DEC 2020- DEC 2021
 

Akshay Dhingra
Bengaluru, KA | LinkedIn | +91-7424882669| akshay2dhingra@gmail.com
EDUCATION
Birla Institute of Technology and Sciences, Pilani
Pilani, RJ
BE in Mechanical Engineering :  (GPA: 7.30)
Graduation Date: June 2022
 
Organizations: Marudhara Cultural Assoc, BasketBall.
Jayshree Periwal High School, Jaipur
Jaipur, RJ
Higher Secondary Certificate, CBSE: (Percentage: 90.4)
Graduation Date: May 2018
Delhi Public School, Jodhpur
Jodhpur, RJ
Secondary School Certificate, CBSE: (CGPA : 10)
Graduation Date: May 2016
 
Awards/Activities : Table Tennis, BasketBall.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Questt
Bengaluru, KA
Software Developer Engineer - 1
July 2022 - Present
 
Deployed Python Scripts to migrate data of  ~10 Lacs users from SQL Database to MongoDB database.
 
Created APIs to reduce the TAT of user's information by 30%, in turn created a study plan in real time for
students using Nodejs.
 
Wrote a listener to generate dynamic links using python saving ~4 hrs of daily man work.
 
Designed a dashboard to generate a report for ~50 schools on the basis of students data of questions played
using SQL, MongoDB and Python.
Questt
Bengaluru, KA
Tech Intern
January 2022 - June 2022
 
Orchestrated smooth deployment of daily notifications for ~2 Lacs users of the app.
 
Segregated and visualized data metrics on DAU of the app with the help of tools like Advanced excel, SQL,
and Redash.
 
Organized CRM data funnel with help of MoEngage, Google Analytics, and excel.
PROJECTS
Analysis of Position and Velocity data of a player (Data Analysis)
BITS Pilani, RJ
Group Lead
Jan 2021 - Mar 2021
 
Analysed the data of different parameters of a football player such as velocity, heart beat, calories burnt,
distance travelled etc. from data visualization created using matplotlib library in Python.
 
This project improves the decision making of the coach to improve the performance of the player by
analysing the conclusions obtained from the data visualization.
Polygons for CAD Modelling
BITS Pilani, RJ
 
Performed polygon operations of simple polygons for cad modelling using sympy and numpy libraries in
Python.
 
Sloved problems related to the 3D models such as rotation around a given axis, etc. using Python.
 
Projected all the polygons using matplotlib library.
SKILLS & INTERESTS
Skills: Python | MongoDB | SQL | Node.js | C++ | DSA | Django
Interests: Analytics, Personal Finance, BasketBall, Gaming.


Contact
Education
7908940889
Phone
Pounamibanerjee.official
@gmail.com
Email
Purulia, West Begal
Location
Pounami Banerjee
D i g i t a l  M a r k e t i n g  T r a i n e e  
To pursue a challenging career and be part of a progressive
organization that gives scope to enhance my knowledge, and
skills and put my efforts into achieving organizational as well
as personal goals.
Experience
Keywords Research.
Working on Backlinks.
Researching Leads in Leads Gorilla.
Working on WordPress Landing Page.
Writing Content For Social Media.
 SEO based Blogging.
Creating Social Media Content Calendar.
Poster Designing and Creating Reels.
Managing Client's Social Media Accounts.
Social Media Hashtags Research.
Approaching clients through Upwork.
Digital Marketing Trainee
12/22 - Present
Digital Ads Solution
JK College,
SKBU University
Cambridge Marketing
College (MAKAUT)
B.A. in English
Honours
PGDM in Digital
Marketing
2016-2019
2021 - 2022
Copywriting.
Writing 
Content 
For 
Social 
Media, 
Ad
Campaigns.
Writing SEO based Content.
Creating Social Media Calendar.
Poster Designing.
Scheduling Post on Client's Social Media
Handles through Business Suite.
Uploading Posts on Client's Website.
Making Reports on Google Analytics, Google
My Business, Google Ads, Facebook, Instagram,
and Quora.
Looking After the Audience's Reviews Through
Google My Business.
Digital Marketing (Intern)
7/22 - 11/22
Techwala IT Consultants LLP
Experience
Researching and Analyzing Competitors'
Websites and Social Media Handles.
Researching and Implementing Strategies
for Brand's Website.
Researching NGOs and Brands for
Collaboration.
Writing Titles and Descriptions for the
Brand's Upcoming Products.
Writing Blogs for the Website.
Arranging Google Excel Sheets.
Social Media Marketing (Intern)
Content Writer 
2/22 - 5/22
8/21 - 10/21
Kaarpas Creative Trends Pvt. Ltd.
Get Greenie Technologies. Ltd.
Blogging for the Social Media
Blogging for the Web Site.
Skills
Social Media Marketing
Google Ads
Google My Business
Google Analytics
Canva
WordPress
Content Writing
Content Marketing
SEO, SEM
Blogging
Communication 
Microsoft Office
English
Hindi
Bengali
Language
Certification
Fundamentals of Digital
Marketing by Google
Graphic Designing by
Udemy
Hobbies
Social Media
Content Creation
Music
Writing
Learning new things
Social Media Presence
Instagram - pounami_banerjee, 
 digi_tell_pounami
Linkedin - POUNAMI BANERJEE


PRAKASH GOGARI 
Mobile No:- 9324335364 
     Email:- p19p81@gmail.com 
 
CAREER OBJECTIVES: 
Seeking a Challenging Position where I Can Contribute as an Editor to meet the objective of 
Production and further develop my knowledge in areas that complement my exiting skills. 
 
SYSTEM EXPOSURE: 
1) FINAL CUT PRO 
2) PREMIERE PRO 
3) AVID EXPRESS 
4) EDIT 6 
 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE: 
Total Professional Experience as Video Editor More than 20 years 
Currently working with ABP NEWS (Formerly Star News)  
Designation: Senior Video Editor  
Period: December 2007 - Till Date  
Here I have been editing shows like:  
  SAAS BAHU AUR SAAZISH  
  SPECIALS RELATED TO BOLLYWOOD AND TELEVISION  
  TRAVELOGUE WITH TV CELEBRITIES  
  SELFIE- SHOW BASED ON STRUGGLE OF BOLLYWOOD STARS  
  DAY OUT - Special segment where celebrities home visit to their shooting location  
  OTT based Promos and Shows 
 
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:  
SIX YEARS working experience with OM DIGITAL CORPORATION STUDIO 
HERE I EDITED 
CORPORATES: 
1) KAPOL BANK 
2) HINDUSTAN ZINC 
3) OMIRA 
4) P & G PRODUCT TRAINING FILMS 
5) P & G PROMOTIONAL AV 
6) GILLETTE MACH 3 AV 
7) GILLETTE VECTOR PLUS 
8) CROMPTON  GRAVES 
9) TATA AIG PROMOTIONAL AV 
10) PEPSI PROMOTIONAL AV 
 
DOCUMENTARY: 
1) SAMANA NEWS PAPER 
2) ASHES TO ASHES 
3) RAMRATNA VIDYA MANDIR 
 
SHORT FILMS: 
1) FROM TIYA WITH LOVE 
2) LIONS CLUB CELEBRATION 
 
AD FILMS: 
1) VASUNDARA BABY OIL 
2) SAI TREAT WATER FILTER 
3) MONOPOLY OIL 
4) TROPICOOL CAR REFRIGERATOR 
5) RUMACCT OIL 
6) TRULEX CHURNA 
7) MASTRO HAIR OIL 
 
TELE SHOPPING FILMS: 
1) ALO PULP JUICE ( For nirmal Ayurvedic)  
2) EK MUKHI RUDRAKSHA ( For WWS Sky shop) 
3) NAV RATAN PENDENT ( For WWS Sky shop) 
4) BREAST MASSAGER ( For JAIPAN tele shoppe) 
5) DIABEE SANJIVANI  ( Fo r SL Sky shop) 
6) NAV GRAH RAJYOG SADHANA SIDDHI ANUSHTHAN ( For LISS Sky shop) 
 
 
FILMS PROMOS: 
1) JAANE HOGA KYA 
2) SMILE PLEASE 
3) SHASTRAM 
4) BEBHAN 
 
TV SERIALS: 
1) KADVEE KHATTI MEETHI   ( FOR STAR ONE (ON AIR) 
( Produced & Directed by Sachin Pilgaonkar) 
2) TU TOTA MAIN MAINA   ( FOR DD 1 (26 Episodes) 
( Produced & Directed by Sachin Pilgaonkar) 
3) KAAM CHOR COMPANY   ( FOR ETV GUJRATI (36 Episodes) 
( Produced by Imtiyaaz patel & Directed by yunus patel) 
4) LADY INSPECTOR   ( FOR DD 1 (45 Episodes) 
( Produced & Directed by P.B.BISAWA) 
5) TUMCHA SATHI BAR KAA   ( FOR DD Sahyadri marathi (28 Episodes) 
( Produced & Directed by P.B. BISAWA) 
6) KHICHDI KHABARA   ( FOR DD PUNJABI (10 Episodes) 
( Produced by Miton Films & Directed by Ravi Kemu) 
7) SOUTH SIDE STORY   ( FOR B4U MOVIE (28 Episodes) 
( Produced Kritanj communication  & Directed by Amitabh Atry) 
8) TOP SELLERS   ( FOR B4U MOVIE (28 Episodes) 
( Produced Kritanj communication  & Directed by Amitabh Atry) 
 
 
FEATURE FILMS: 
Worked as Assistant Editor:- 
1) INTQAAM 
( Directed by Pankaj Parashar) 
2) SMILE PLEASE 
( Directed by Yunus Patel) 
3) SCHOOL 
( Directed by Pratima Kulkarni) 
4) CU AT 9 
( Directed by Marlin) 
5) MANINI 
( Directed by Kanchan Adhikari) 
 
 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
S.S.C : Passed in 1996 From Maharashtra State Board 
H.S.C : Passed in 1998 From Maharashtra State Board 
T.Y B.COM : Passed in 2001 From MUMBAI  University 
PERSONAL DETAILS: 
 
Date of Birth:-                            1st September 1981  
Address: -                                    A-2,1103, Neelkanth Valley, Dhokali naka, Kolshet Road, Thane (W) 
                                                      400607  
E-Mail: -                                       p19p81@gmail.com  
Mobile No: -                               9324335364 
 Languages Known: -                 English, Hindi, Marathi, Gujarati  
Marital Status:-                           Married 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                                       
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                                                                       PRAKASH. H. GOGARI 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

AKASH KUMAR PRAJAPATI
Noida, India
 7379970761
 akashkrprj@gmail.com
 https://www.linkedin.com/in/akashprj/
 https://github.com/akashprj
EDUCATION
Bansal Institute of Engineering & Technology
July 2018 - July 2022
B.Tech in Electronics and Communication- CGPA - 9.15
Lucknow, India
MG Inter College
Apr 2016 - May 2017
Class XII - Percentage - 80.40%
Gorakhpur, India
SPB Inter College
Apr 2014 - May 2015
Class X - Percentage - 85.67%
Maharajganj, India
PROJECTS
Airline Reservation System  | Java, Java Swing, AWT, SQL, OOPs, JDBC Driver
  This app is made for a flight admin, where the admin is the person who handles all of the flight companies'
operations using our app. key points to highlight.
  Features: Customer Creation, Customer Search, Customer Data Updation, Flight Creation,
Ticket Booking, User Creation.
  The app will only be accessible to authorized users, and this will be facilitated by a login screen that will
require a username and password.
Student Grade Calculator  | HTML, CSS, JavaScript
  Each student has to enter respective subject marks and see all output.
  Features: Find Total, Find Percentage, Find Grade, Check Pass or Fail.
Tic Tac Toe  | HTML, CSS, JavaScript
  About Project Tic Tac Toe , Xs and Os is a paper-and-pencil game for two players, X and O, who
take turns marking the spaces in a 3×3 grid. The player who succeeds in placing three of their
marks in a horizontal, vertical, or diagonal row is the winner.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages: Java, C, C++, C#, Python, SQL
Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, PHP
Databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL
Tools: VS Code, Apache NetBeans, Intellij, Xampp, Git, GitHub
Course Work: Data Structures & Algorithms, OOPs, DBMS, Excel
EXPERIENCE
AccioJob
June 2022 - Dec 2022
Full Stack Developer Training
Gurgaon, India
  Develop fully functioning projects based on Java.
  Learned Data Structures and Algorithms, Web Development, SQL.
  Enhancing my problems and technical skills in DSA.
CERTIFICATIONS
  SQL - Udemy
  Java - Great Learning
 
C++ - Great Learning
LINKS
  Portfolio
  LeetCode
  GitHub
EXTRACURRICULAR
  Award for Academic Excellence: Got first rank in B.Tech first year
  Workshop on Web Development: Attend Web Development Workshop organized by Apponix
  Interests: Cricket, Music, Travelling, Blogging

 
 
Sophia Bonser 
 
 
 
 
Contact 
  
07903809517 
  
sbonser14@gmail.com 
 
Education 
University of Nottingham 
  
History BA (Hons) 2.1. 
  
Societies: History Society 
and UoN Women's 
Football. 
Heanor Gate Science College 
  
A-Levels: Physical 
Education, Psychology 
and History (ABB). 
GCSE's: 9, including B's in 
English and Maths. 
 
Objective 
I am a highly motivated and ambitious individual, passionate about 
pursuing a meaningful career in marketing. Since graduating from the 
University of Nottingham with a 2.1 in History, I have worked within 
sports, HR and most recently, marketing. 
Alongside my professional work, I am an active third division football 
player for Loughborough Lightning, with previous experience playing 
for Nottingham Forest, Derby County and Aston Villa. 
With a quick learning ability and a determination to succeed, I thrive in 
a team setting and consistently exceed expectations. My friendly 
nature, exceptional communication skills, and creativity, coupled with a 
positive "can-do" attitude, enable me to tackle any challenge that 
comes my way. 
Drawing from my past experiences and hobbies, I excel in high-
pressure situations and am adept at solving problems creatively and 
providing effective solutions. My hard work both on and off the field 
has instilled in me the confidence that I can bring value to any team 
from the very beginning. 
 
Experience 
Think Tutors, Junior Marketer 
  
Managing all aspects of the marketing strategy, including 
planning, execution, and analysis. 
  
Researching and building relationships with external brands, 
websites and pages, to evaluate who could be beneficial to the 
company. 
  
Planning, creating and posting social media (Facebook, LinkedIn, 
Instagram and Twitter) to target high-net worth clients. 
  
Creation of different Social Ad campaigns (LinkedIn and 
Facebook MetaSuite) to drive new and past website visitors to the 
desired page. 
  
Rewrite of the website pages, ensuring that the page has a good 
SEO, relevant images that represent the pages information well. 
  
Collaborating with various contractors, ensuring that Google Ads, 
website implentation and reports are running smoothly. 
  
Creating client-facing documents, such as weekly and monthly 
reports of students progress, tuition plans, and tutor proposals. 
  
Ensuring that all tutors documentation and tuition agreements are 
up to date and in line with the most current legislation. 
 
 
Loscoe Chilled Foods, HR Assistant 
  
Analysing risk assessments, Standard Operation Procedures, 
emails, contracts and spreadsheets. 
  
Conducting research on the most recent health and safety 
requirements and self learning new HR information. 
  
Preparation and conduction of audits. 
  
Handling confidential files and data and drawing up files for third 
party clients. 
  
Interviewing candidates for positions within the company. 
Football Fitness, Coach 
  
I have accrued over 70 hours of sport related volunteering, 
achieving a sports leaders qualification in the process.  
  
Within the role I assisted the head coach with planning, organising 
drills, player development and encouraging other pupils to join in. 
  
Ensured that SEND children received individualised attention 
during practices. 
  
Teaching children the basic football skills and techniques, in 
addition to developing teamwork, sportsmanship and resilience. 
Key skills 
  
Social Media 
  
Research 
  
Reports and Analysis 
  
Copywriting 
  
External Marketing 
Qualifications 
  
Digital Marketing, Level 2 
  
HubSpot Academy, Social Media Marketing 
  
Mental Health First Aider 
  
First Aider 
  
IOSH, Managing Safely 
  
Level 7 FA Qualified Referee 
 
Interests 
Sports 
  
I possess extensive experience playing football at an elite level, 
having competed for renowned teams such as Aston Villa, Derby 
County, Loughborough Lightning, and Nottingham Forest. 
  
I was also a football referee for many years, officiating local, 
county and national matches at academy level. 
  
In addition to my passion for football, I also find pleasure in 
running, cycling, swimming, and hiking. 
Music 
  
Since the age of 6, I have played the piano, achieving a Grade 5 
in the instrument. 
Travel 
  
I am a keen traveller and attempt to visit new places, cultures and 
countries whenever possible. This summer, I look forward to 
backpacking and hiking in Triglav National Park, Slovenia. 
Cooking 
  
I enjoy cooking as often as I can, with a particular love for Yotam 
Ottolenghi, Sabrina Ghayour, and Gordon Ramsey.  
 
 
 

Mayank Kumar
rdrmayank@gmail.com
8005265216
linkedin.com/in/mayank-kumar-3a5825203
Summary
As a skilled video editor and graphic designer, I possess a unique blend of creativity, technical expertise, and
attention to detail. With years of experience in the field, I am well-versed in the latest video editing and graphic
design software and am able to produce high-quality content that effectively communicates the intended message.
 
I have a keen eye for visual storytelling and am able to take raw footage and turn it into a compelling narrative.
From ideation to post-production, I work closely with clients to ensure that their vision is brought to life in a way
that is both visually engaging and effective in achieving their goals.
 
In addition to video editing, I am also proficient in graphic design and am able to create custom designs for a
variety of mediums, including print and digital. Whether it's designing logos, branding materials, or social media
graphics, I am able to create visually stunning designs that effectively communicate the intended message.
 
Overall, my skills as a video editor and graphic designer allow me to bring a unique perspective to each project I
work on and produce content that is both visually appealing and effective in achieving the desired outcome.
Experience
Student
MAAC
Apr 2022 - Present (1 year)
Education
Kendriya Vidyalaya
Class 10 And Class 12
MAAC
DAFM, Animation, Interactive Technology, Video Graphics and Special Effects
Skills
AutoCAD       Advertising       Adobe InDesign       Adobe Creative Suite       Copy Editing       Brochures      
Digital Marketing       Event Management       Marketing       Social Media Marketing
Mayank Kumar - page 1

Zubair Shareef 
Full Stack Developer 
zubairshareef@outlook.com 
9700219069 
Hyderabad 
github.com/zubair1shareef 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Member Of Technical Staﬀ-4(Full Stack) 
Groundhog 
08/2022 - Present,  
Hyderabad 
Worked with other 2 senior developers to implement redis
to the core project 
made multiple production KPI's api's and dashboards 
Addressed and ﬁxed complex bugs 
Worked with angular,nodejs with couchbase db to
implement new feature as part of major sprint update 
Did data validation to identify and ﬁx root cause of bugs 
Full Stack developer intern 
YAV Technology 
03/2021 - 06/2021,  
Bangalore(remote) 
worked on Building rest API'S using Nodejs,expressjs,mysq 
Made user Dashboard, ranking leader board using Reactjs 
worked on client side rendering 
Deployed on AWS 
Android Development Intern 
Iniesta Webtech Solutions 
07/2020 - 08/2020,  
remote 
responsible for e-commerce ui using xml&java 
was responsible for making responsible ui 
made backend using java 
Android Development Intern 
Sankalpsoft soultions 
05/2020 - 06/2020,  
remote 
worked on frontend using xml 
made backend for online exam platform 
troubleshoot and debugged code to ensure compatibility
with diﬀernt mobile devices 
EDUCATION 
Computer Science Engineering(B.TECH) 
AAR Mahaveer Engineering College 
2018 - 2022,  
Hyderabad 
SKILLS 
reactjs 
nodejs 
angular 
javascript 
sql 
mongodb 
couchbasedb 
AWS 
java 
Android 
GIt 
Github 
c/c++ 
microservices 
ﬁrebase 
cloudnary 
sendgrid 
redis 
ec2 
PERSONAL PROJECTS 
Expense Tracker 
Tech used: nodejs,express,sql,AWS,razorpay 
Features:Jwt login,modern ui,create expense,etc 
Premium User features : Dark mode,search user ,ranking of users
according to expence 
group chat web app 
developed front end using html,css,javascript 
developed backend using nodejs,sql,express 
used AWS for depolyment 
Features:multiple group creation,invite user to group,create
group,delete group 
Social media web app 
made frontend reactjs,cloudnary is used 
At backend nodejs,express,mongodb, is used 
features:JWT login,create/delete/update Post,Feed,Stories etc 
Shopify like e-commerce platform 
Tech used:nodejs,sql,Aws,html,css 
Features:Jwt login,Add-to-cart,admin login 
Notes Web App 
Tech used: react ,node,mongodb,express,ﬁgma 
Modern user interface 
Features:create note,delete note,update note 
VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE 
younify radio 
Team lead 
AIESEC (08/2020 - 01/2021) 
associate intern 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 

F 
EXPERIENCE 
 
Associate Developer 
IBM India Pvt Ltd 
~  04/2021 - Working, Bangalore 
Developing in “Vinturas” project with Agile approach. The project is 
based on Hyperledger-fabric, IBP. Responsible for Developing best 
solution to meet the client needs in NestJS framework with VS Code IDE. 
Creating/modifying microservices and containerizing it using Docker. 
Modifying configurations and updating dependencies of Hyperledger-fabric 
network and microservices whenever necessary. Unit testing with Jest 
framework and e2e testing with postman. Managing bit-bucket repository of 
the project and using it for code review. Deploying the code to dev while 
monitoring CI/CD pipeline in concourse. Process Automation using n8n.io. 
Writing deployments for Kubernetes and managing k9s. 
Blockchain Training Alliance - Certified Blockchain Developer Ethereum 
Developing and testing D-apps on EVM using Solidity, Remix IDE, 
Truffle, Hardhat, MetaMask wallet, testing on mainnet/testnet, Ganache, 
geth, Ether Scan, Web3JS. 
Certified IBM full-stack JAVA developer. 
Microsoft Azure - AZ-900 certified. 
Research Assistant 
NIT Kurukshetra 
~  07/2018 - 08/2020, Haryana 
SUMMARY 
 
 
Highly driven professional with extensive 
experience in conducting research, contributing 
to open-source projects, and developing 
solutions leveraging AI, IoT, and blockchain 
technologies. Delivering impactful solutions that 
solve complex business problems. Passionate 
about the ever-evolving tech industry and 
committed to staying up-to-date with the latest 
trends and technologies. Skilled at building 
relationships and collaborating with cross-
functional teams, clients, and stakeholders to 
drive successful outcomes. 
EDUCATION 
 
 
M.Tech (Power Electronics) 
NIT Kurukshetra 
~  06/2018 - 06/2020 
% 
87 / 100 
PG Diploma (Industrial Automation) 
Prolific Systems & technology, Noida 
~  02/2015 - 07/2015 
PG  Diploma (Power, T&D) 
NPTI Badarpur, New Delhi 
~  07/2014 - 02/2015 
% 
78 / 100 
B.Tech (EEE) 
IMS Engineering Collage, Ghaziabad 
~  07/2010 - 07/2014 
% 
78 / 100 
F Statistics, AI / ML Models 
D DevOps & CI/CD pipeline 
C Business Problem Solving 
E Unit/e2e testing & deployment 
A Full Stack Development 
B Blockchain / Smart Contract 
MY COMPETENCY 
 
professional.sid13@gmail.com 
+91 8447447076 
+91 6261197932 
https://github.com/demigod-ares 
SKILLS 
 
Client-Side: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JS, 
TypeScript, Angular, React 
Server-side: Typescript, NodeJS, NestJS, 
Jest, JAVA, Spring Boot, JUnit, Docker, 
Docker-compose, Kubernetes, k9s, REST 
Blockchain: Hyperledger Fabric, IBP, 
Ethereum. 
ML, DL & AI: Python, NumPy, SciPy, Scikit-
learn, Keras, Eli5, TensorFlow, PyTorch 
Data Visualization & Processing: 
Tableau, MS Excel, matplotlib 
Cloud: AWS, MS Azure, IBM Cloud 
Database: MySQL, Couch DB, Mongo DB 
Management Frameworks: Scaled Agile 
(SAFE), LEAN, Agile, Scrum, Fast Works 
Others: Postman scripting & testing, n8n.io 
automation. 
AWARDS 
 
Manager choice & Event awards at IBM 
Gold Medal 2020 - NIT  Kurukshetra 
Gold Medal 2015 - NPTI   Badarpur 
 B 
 C 
 A 
 D 
 F 
 E 
Siddharth Singh 
Full-stack Development (Blockchain / AI & ML) 
Software Developer 
WebPro Technologies 
~  02/2016 - 05/2018,  Faizabad 
Faculty - Industrial Automation 
Prolific Systems & Technology 
~  07/2015 - 01/2016,  Noida 
Manish Thaper 
Engineering Manager, [XX] -A fortune 500 Organization 
REFERENCES (ON REQUEST) 
 
Sharvil Singh 
Digital Technology Leadership, [XX] - A fortune 500 Organization 

Tarun Sharma  Developer
tarunshrm768@gmail.com
8318919787
Allahapur, Prayagraj
26/03/1998
Indian
Profile
Results-driven Full Stack Developer with 2 years of experience building scalable and robust RESTful APIs
using Node.js and MongoDB. Skilled in creating high-quality code and meeting project deadlines.
Proficient in testing, debugging, and deploying code to production environments. Adept at working
collaboratively with cross-functional teams to achieve project objectives.
Skills
Rest APIs
CSS
React
MongoDB
HTML5
MYSQL
Node JS
Javascript
Languages
English
Hindi
Professional Experience
03/2021 - 03/2022
Pune, India
Programmer Analyst, Cognizant
Projects
Airline, Admin Panel
Roles and Responsibilities:
 Led the development of an admin panel for an airline company using 
NodeJS, allowing staff to manage flight schedules, bookings, and customer 
information.
 Develop new user-facing features using React.js.
 Worked closely with the client to identify requirements and translate them 
into functional specifications.
 Designed and developed the application architecture, ensuring scalability, 
security, and performance.
 Developed backend code to handle complex queries and data manipulation, 
ensuring efficient and secure data transfer.
 Task Management
Roles and Responsibilities:
 Designed and developed a web application from scratch using NodeJS and 
MongoDB to perform CRUD operations on a database.
 Write well-designed, efficient, and testable code using React.js and related 
frameworks.
 Implemented a user-friendly interface with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript that 
allowed users to add, view, edit, and delete data.
 Wrote backend code to handle incoming requests and queries to the 
database, ensuring secure and efficient data transfer.
 Used Git for version control and collaborated with a team of developers to 
integrate new features and fix issues.
 Conducted thorough testing to ensure the application was robust and 
reliable.
 Provided ongoing maintenance and support to ensure the application 
remained up-to-date and bug-free.
REST API Integration
Roles and Responsibilities:
 Worked on a project that involved integrating a third-party REST API with a 
Node.js application.
 Developed a custom module that made HTTP requests to the API, processed 
the response data, and returned it to the application.
 Implemented authentication and error handling to ensure secure and 
reliable API communication.
 Technologies used included Node.js, Express.
04/2020 - 08/2020
Remote, India
Coding Instructor, SkillSanta
 Teaching coding concepts and programming languages to students of 
various skill levels.
 Preparing and delivering lessons, assignments, and projects that are 
engaging, challenging, and informative.
 Providing constructive feedback and guidance to students to help them 
improve their coding skills.
 Creating and updating curriculum materials and lesson plans based on 
industry trends and feedback from students.
 Collaborating with other instructors, staff members, and stakeholders to 
ensure the program's success.
 Courses are Java, Javascript, HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap, NodeJS.
Education
07/2016 - 09/2020
Prayagraj, India
B. Tech. (Computer Science), 
United College of Engineering & Management, Allahabad
05/2015 - 03/2016
Prayagraj, India
Senior Secondary (XII) With ISC Board, 
Mary Lucas School & College, Allahabad
04/2013 - 03/2014
Prayagraj, India
Secondary (X) With ICSE Board, Mary Lucas School & College, Allahabad

 
AKASH MARUTI GORAVANAKOLL 
DOB: 29/03/1998. 
Address: Kenchalarkoppa, Saundatti. 
Phone no: 9380128840 
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/akash-goravanakoll-83229921a 
Email: mailto:goravanakollakash@gmail.com 
Github: https://github.com/ag9731 
 
 
 
Examination 
University 
Institution 
passing Year 
CGPA/% 
 
 
MCA 
BCA 
 
KLE UNIVERSITY  
 KARNATAK UNIVERSITY 
DHARWAD 
 
KLE Technological University 
JSS SMI UG AND PG STUDIES 
DHARWAD 
 
2022 
 
2019 
 
8.1 
 
68.32 
 
 
 
KEY PROJECTS 
 
 NETFLIX CLONE: Using TMDB API. React js Bootstrap CSS and html . 
 E-COMMERCE APPLICATIONS: Using wordpress woo-commerce plugin and 
Elementor pro and etc. 
 E-COMMERCE APPLICATION: Using Laravel framework Bootstrap CSS and Html. 
 
 ONLINE E-BOOK MAKER: Using Laravel and Bootstrap CSS and Html. 
 
 
WEATHER API INTEGRATION:  Using javascript Open Weather API. 
 
 SCHOOL MANAGEMENT: Using PHP Bootstrap CSS and html. 
 
INTERNSHIP AND CERTIFICATION 
 
 Suvarna Tech Solutions. 
Worked as software developer skills using PHP, Bootstrap, Javascript, Wordpress Laravel, SQL technology. 
 
 Hansoft Umans, 
India. 
Intern 
January- April 2022 
 Performed as Associate Software Engineer. 
TECHNICAL SKILL 
 
 Skills:  CSS, Bootstrap, PHP, SQL, Javascript, Wordpress. 
 IT Constructs: OOPS. 
 Development tools and editors: Microsoft Visual Studio, 
Notepad++. 
 
Frameworks: Laravel 8, Plus React JS. 
 
 
INTEREST/HOBBIES 
 
 Youtuber 
 Video editing. 
 Photography. 
 Videography. 
 Playing Cricket. 
 
SCHOLASTIC ACHIEVEMENTS 
 
 Secured 3 rd position in inter college Chess competition. 
 
 Runner up in Inter college Cricket Championship. 

Sugandha Sahu 
To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me job satisfaction
and self development and help me achieve personal and organizational goals. 
sugandhasahu04@gmail.com 
+918818820606 
Qtr No-2840,Om Vihar Colony,Bhatagao, Raipur,Chhattisgarh 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Process Executive 
Patra India 
04/2021 - 09/2022,  
Raipur,Chhattisgarh 
Patra focus on insurance processes and insurtech solutions that drive
proﬁtability and new customer acquisition across the industry. 
EDUCATION 
B.E 
Shri Shankracharya Technical Campus 
06/2012 - 05/2016,  
Bhilai, Chhattisgarh,72.91 % 
Information Technology 
12th 
M.G.M Hr. Sec. School 
07/2011 - 04/2012,  
Balco,Korba,Chhattisgarh , 70.40 % 
Mathematics, Physics,
Chemistry 
10th 
M.G.M Hr. Sec. School 
07/2009 - 04/2010,  
Balco,Korba,Chhattisgarh , 78.33 % 
SKILLS 
Ready to work as team and as individual 
Concentrated, dedicated and loyal towards work. 
Positive attitude, Punctual 
Good listener. 
Organiser 
Good team worker 
Workaholic 
Good at management 
SOFTWARE SKILLS 
C++ 
Python 
MySQL 
Ms Word 
Ms Excel 
LANGUAGES 
Hindi 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
English 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
INTERESTS 
Sketching 
Cooking 
Linguaphiles 
Courses 
Courses 

Name: RISHABH KUMAR PANDEY
Contact Number :+91-8892430039
Address: 25 GT Road, Bhadreshwar, West Bengal 712125, India
E-Mail Id: rishabh.hit@gmail.com
LinkedIn URL: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rishabh-kumar-35690533/
Skype ID: rishabh_hit@live.com
Sex: Male | Date of Birth: 6th February, 1990| Nationality: Indian
DESIRED POSITION
Lead Machine Learning Engineer, Sr. Machine Learning Engineer, Senior Data Scientist
SYNOPSIS
 
Senior Machine Learning Engineer with close to 9 years of experience in Data science and Core
Software Development in IT Industry
 
Strong exposure to data science and analytics including statistical analysis, predictive modelling,
machine-learning, clustering/classiﬁcation techniques and algorithms as well as analysis
/manipulation of large data sets
 
Expertise in Natural Language Processing for extracting content from discussions and messages
 
End2end development of ML/DL models, starting with data tagging to deploying to model in live
product using docker.
 
Attained proﬁciency at Data pre-processing and text extraction, building robust Machine
learning, Deep learning models, Neural Networks using Tensor Flow, Pytorch
 
Deep knowledge of math, probability, statistics and algorithms
 
Familiarity with AWS services like S3, DynamoDB, EC2
 
Adroit in E2E SDLC with using languages, tools, and technologies like Node.js, C, Python, Mat
Lab, Octave, Java, SQL, etc.
TECHNICAL FORTE
Programming Languages:
C, Python, Matlab, Octave, Java
Analytics Software Tool
Scikit Learn, DataFrame, Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Keras
Web Development
Node.js
Database systems
Mongo DB, Neo4J, SQL, MySQL, ElasticSearch
Deep Learning Algorithms
Transformers, LSTM, CNN, BERT, Attention Models, gpt-3
Others
Probability and Statistics, Linear Algebra, AWS
SKILL SETS
Data Extraction & Analysis | Natural Language Processing | Data Modelling | Machine Learning
Techniques | Deep Learning | Artiﬁcial Intelligence | Neural Networks | Software Development Life
Cycle | Team coordination | Query Management
| Requirement Gathering & Analysis | Project
Management |
WORK EXPERIENCE
Jan 2019 - Present
Senior Machine Learning Engineer
Organization
CloudSEK, India
Technologies used
Bert model, BRAT, light tag, neo4j, Attention Networks, Flair model, Flair word embedding,
Attention Networks, glove word embedding, Keras, tensor board, gpt3
Key Result Area
 
Created a model from scratch to extract custom entities related to our use case. The model can
extract 8 key entities from text and is deployed and working in the live product.
 
Create a model to detect Fraud and hacks mentioned in open world discussion and message
data. The role of the model is to identify impactful cases for our clients and bring them to their
knowledge.
 
Created a model to segregate diﬀerent text into diﬀerent buckets and provide them as a tag for
user to easily identify diﬀerent categories of threat impacting them.
 
Created models for social media monitoring, checking and reporting proﬁles that are try to
impersonate our clients on social media platforms.
Aug 2016 - Jan 2019
Machine Learning Engineer
Organization
CISCO Systems, India
Techniques &
Technologies
Machine Learning, Neural Networks, tf-idf, Naïve Bayes, Python, Mongo DB, Tag generator, BOW,
node.js, Cross-Validation, Grid Search, Randomized Grid Search, Bayes Optimization, XGBoost,
perceptron, Random Forest
Key Result Area
 
Signiﬁcant in wide gamut of tasks entailing - Changed Based Testing which involves resolving
industry problems in Networking, mapping the relevant test cases went into the release based
on the bug ﬁxes, extracting useful data from logs / release description and mapping the closely
related documents as well
 
Deft at recommending feeds to the users based on their interests, and activities
 
Assisted for a recommendation system in an Idea submission portal where the industrial
problems are given solutions, idea is built into a product, users can post and follow other
ideators, etc.
 
Predicted potential client data to renew licenses for Cisco Products, de-normalized data from
diﬀerent systems, cleaned and pre-processed for applying Machine Learning algorithms
Feb 2012 - Jun 2014
Software Engineer | Technologies used: SQL, shell script
Organization
TCS, India
Key Result Area
 
Worked for Deutsche Bank Support Project in the Testing Environment Service (TES) team
 
Worked on the product which was helpful to analyse Market data, and make future predictions
 
Conﬁgured application data to be used by Volumetrix application to showcase categorized data
based on various parameters, and user requirement standards
 
Automated manual application tasks through batch and PL/SQL scripts for reduction in manual
errors, and decrease in work load
 
Automated the Web Logic environment setup by using Web Logic Scripting Tool (WLST)
EDUCATION
2014-2016
2007-2011
 
Master of Technology in Data Science from International Institute of Information Technology,
India
 
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science Engineering from Maulana Abul Kalam Azad
University of Technology, India
INTERNSHIP
Cisco System, India | Intern | Jan 2016 - Jun 2016 |

DHRUV SINGH 
dhruvsisodia34@gmail.com  
 (+91)9870315393, (+91)7827443730 
New Delhi - 110077 
 
 
 
INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE 
❖ Software Engineer Intern | Nokia Solutions and Networks India Private Limited 
 
Company 
 
Nokia Solutions and Networks India Private Limited 
 
Location 
 
L5, Manayata Tech Park, Bengaluru, Karnataka, 560045  
 
Duration 
 
11 months (10/August/2022 to 09/July/2023) 
 
Position 
 
Software Engineer Intern 
 
Technologies 
used 
 
C++, Qt Creator, GDB (GNU DeBugger), Google Test, Google 
Mock, GitLab 
 
 
Responsibilities 
  Development of various plugins in Nokia's internal web 
application software product. 
  Maintenance of the software product. 
  Debugging and resolving any legacy issues/bugs. 
 
EDUCATION 
❖ B. Tech, Computer Science Engineering | Chandigarh Group of Colleges, Landran, Punjab             
SGPA: 8.63 | 2023 
❖ XII (CBSE) | Shiv Vani Model Senior Secondary School, New Delhi 
76% | 2019 
❖ X (RBSE) | Vidhya Bharti Public School, Sikar, Rajasthan 
91.33% | 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
SOFTWARE COMPETENCIES 
❖ Operating systems:  
Windows, Linux 
❖ Languages/Skills known:  
C, C++, Java programming languages, C++ Unit Testing (Gtest, GMock), GNU DeBugger, Data 
Structures and Algorithms, Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts 
❖ Other Interests:  
Software Engineering, Operating System, Game Development, Computer Networks 
 
ACADEMIC PROJECTS 
❖ Colour Detector 
Application through which we can get the name of the colour by clicking on a certain point in given 
image - Python, OpenCV, Pandas, PyCharm 
❖ Project Rocket | Simplistic rocket game 
Player has to manoeuvre rocket from starting point to finishing point while avoiding obstacles - C#, 
Unity game engine 
 
EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING / INDUSTRIAL TRAINING 
❖ Training subject: 
Java for android development 
❖ Training provider: 
Solitaire Infosys Pvt. Ltd. 
❖ Training duration: 
3 weeks 
 
INTERPERSONAL SKILLS 
❖ Enthusiasm to learn anything new. 
❖ Clear communication skills. 
❖ Flexibility in thinking and operating style. 
❖ Tolerance and respect for team members. 
❖ Collaborating and working well together with others. 
 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
❖ Date of Birth:  
 
03-01-2002 
❖ Gender: 
 
 
Male 
❖ Marital Status: 
 
Unmarried 
❖ Language Proficiency:  
English & Hindi 

 
 
Contact
bhargava.rupal@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/rupal-
bhargava-051021105 (LinkedIn)
universe.bits-pilani.ac.in/pilani/
rupal/profile (Other)
Top Skills
Tableau
Microsoft Power BI
Data Modeling
Languages
English (Full Professional)
Hindi (Full Professional)
Certifications
Natural Language Processing with
Attention Models
Microsoft Certified Technology
Specialist, .Net Framework 4, Web
Applications
Sequence Models
Structuring Machine Learning
Projects
Natural Language Processing with
Sequence Models
Publications
BITS_PILANI_TEAM3 @ POS
Tagging for Code Mix Indian Social
Media
Query Labelling for Indic Languages
using a hybrid approach
BITS_PILANI_TEAM2 @ POS
Tagging for Code Mix Indian Social
Media
Efficient Information Retrieval for
Ambiguous Words
Bits_Pilani@INLI-FIRE-2017: Indian
Native Language Identification using
Deep Learning
Rupal Bhargava
Machine Learning | Data Science | NLP | Speech Processing | Image
Processing
Delhi, India
Summary
⁂ Rupal is a highly motivated researcher, driven by continuous
improvement and a desire to excel on all fronts. The ability to
maximize the potential of team she works for is something she
enjoys immensely, while ensuring collaboration both within and
between teams to get the best possible results.
⁂ She has completed her PhD titled "Learning-based Approaches
for Addressing Challenges in Sentiment Analysis" from Birla Institute
of Technology & Science, Pilani, Pilani Campus, which includes her
involvement in DST SERB Project titled “Design and Development
of Opinion Mining Framework” as Junior Research Fellow. Her PhD
research focused on sentiment analysis of social media text and
targeted related challenges to it. Few of the challenges addressed
were: Text summarization (extractive/abstractive), Spam detection,
Sarcasm detection, Sentiment analysis for code mixed text.
⁂ Broadly, her research interests lie at the intersection of Natural
Language Processing & Machine Learning. More specifically, she
is passionate about developing statistical models for detecting and
analysing linguistic variation in social media with the aim of enriching
user-centric and personalized natural language processing.
⁂ She has a vast experience of research and mentoring. She has
worked with more than 100 learners in guiding/mentoring their thesis
and projects in collaboration with Liverpool John Moore's University,
UK and WiSoc Lab, BITS Pilani, India. In addition to this she also
headed the R&D team of Towards Vision Technologies Pvt. Ltd for
their NLP and Machine learning related industrial projects. 
⁂ She readily brings positivity and ideas to teams and challenges
alike, keeping people focused on tasks and priorities and ensuring
the highest levels of service delivery are met. She facilitates and
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
builds responsive and cohesive relations that are able to drive
issues/solutions to achieve positive outcomes.
⁂ She's a creativity enthusiast. During her entire research journey,
she's made sure to keep a part of her daily routine dedicated to
learning new skills outside of her expertise, be it subject matter
expertise, communication ethics or research methodologies.
⁂ Feel free to reach out to her at bhargava.rupal@gmail.com for any
assistance with Natural Language Processing, Machine learning,
Data Science, Image Processing or Speech Processing, etc.
Experience
Hero Vired
Faculty data science
February 2023 - Present (6 months)
Delhi, India
upGrad
4 years
Subject Matter Expert |Academic consultation
January 2023 - February 2023 (2 months)
Delhi, India
Senior Delivery Manager
March 2021 - December 2022 (1 year 10 months)
New Delhi, Delhi, India
Subject Matter Expert | Thesis Supervisor
March 2019 - March 2021 (2 years 1 month)
C-Zentrix (Towards Vision Technologies Pvt. Ltd.)
Lead Research Scientist
March 2019 - March 2021 (2 years 1 month)
Gurgaon, India
Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani
Research Scholar
August 2013 - February 2019 (5 years 7 months)
Pilani, Rajasthan, India
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Worked as a Research Scholar in Department of Computer Science &
Information System. Pursued Ph.D being associated with DST funded project
- “Design and Development of Opinion Mining Framework “.  Her area of
research includes Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Data
Mining and Information Retrieval.
Department of Science and Technology
Junior Research Fellow
August 2013 - January 2017 (3 years 6 months)
Delhi, India
Worked as Junior Research Fellow for DST-SERB Project Titled, “Design and
Development of Opinion Mining Framework”, part of PhD Thesis.
Education
Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani
Doctor of Philosophy - PhD, Computer Science Engineering · (2013 - 2019)
Banasthali Vidyapith
Master of Technology - MTech, Computer Science Engineering · (2011 - 2013)
Compucom Institute of Information Technology &
Management(Engg. College)
Bachelor of Technology - BTech, Computer Science · (2007 - 2011)
 
Page 3 of 3

Education
 -  2019- Present
Started out as a Content Writer in 2019 and upskilled
myself constantly to now cater to my clients with
Content/Copywriting as well as Social Media Management.
Industries worked with: Travel, Hospitality. Digital
Marketing, Non-Profits, E-commerceEducation, and so
on..
Freelance Writer + Social Media Manager
Work Experience
2014-2017
Saurashtra University
Bachelor of Commerce
2017-2019
Ahmedabad Univeristy
Master's in Business Administration
(Marketing & Finance)
Nov 2022- May 2023/ Ahmedabad International School 
Social Media Manager
Worked on Social Media Marketing
Created a Process for Content flow, creating a content
strategy, Branding, and Planning the content Drumbeats. 
Managing Content Creation and engagement on various
Platforms.
Skills
Writing
Social Media Marketing
Communication
Graphic Designing
Strategy & Branding
Contact
+91 8347294595
hiralbadiyani452@gmail.com
https://hiralbadiyani452.journoportfolio.com/
Content/Copy Writer + Social Media 
Hiral Badiyani
Experienced content writer, skilled in crafting effective
website copy, blogs, and product descriptions, with
added proficiency in social media management.
Passionate about helping clients connect with their
target audience and achieve their marketing goals.
Committed to delivering top-notch results and a
valuable asset to any marketing team.

Raunak Burrows
Software Engineer | React/Java/Spring Developer | Passionate about developing innovative solutions |
Open to new opportunities
Bhopal, M.P. India (462026)
(+91) 8219486037
raunakburrows@gmail.com
https://linkedin.com/in/raunak-burrows/
https.//github.com/burrows99
https://twitter.com/burrows_raunak
EXPERIENCE (2 years)
QuestionPro pvt. Ltd. , Pune (Remote) — Full stack developer (React | Java |
Spring Boot | Struts | JSPs | MySQL)
August 2022 - PRESENT
QuestionPro is a web based software for creating and distributing surveys. It consists of an intuitive wizard interface for
creating survey questions, tools for distributing your survey via email or your website, and tools for analyzing and viewing
your results.
1.
Developed a user-friendly dashboard for managing survey responses, incorporating ﬁlter
options for ecient data management.
2.
Developed an API that allowed clients to submit responses for Customer Experience
surveys, streamlining data collection.
3.
Implemented a new question type, NPS+ Delight, enhancing survey capabilities.
4.
Implemented a feature to simulate survey responses when enabled, enabling accurate
testing and evaluation.
5.
Resolved UI bugs in the React codebase, ensuring a smooth user experience.
6.
Documented new code and maintained legacy code, fostering an organized and ecient
development environment.
7.
Applied Agile methodology in software development, promoting collaboration,
adaptability, and continuous improvement.
Infosys Ltd, Bangalore (Remote) — Specialist Programmer (Kotlin | SpringBoot |
Junit5 | Mockito)
September 2021 - August 2022 |Relieving Letter
1.
Developed a backend service from scratch to initialize beans at server startup, reducing
latency from 4 ms to 2 ms and enhancing performance.
2.
Developed a backend service for retrieving conﬁguration and initial variable values from
the client's internal Global Conﬁg tool, streamlining data integration and service
communication.
3.
Implemented comprehensive unit test cases using JUnit5 and Mockito, ensuring code
reliability and quality.
4.
Mentored a teammate in mastering JUnit5 and Mockito, fostering skill development and
team collaboration.
5.
Gained hands-on experience in staging, pre-production, and production environments,
enhancing understanding of software deployment and maintenance processes.
Proof of performance data services pvt. Ltd. , Noida — IT App Development
intern (Python | Kivy | MySQL)
January 2021 - February 2021 | Internship Certiﬁcate
Proof of Performance Data Services Pvt Ltd is servicing a fragmented outdoor advertising Industry, on a Pan-India basis
1.
Developed a standalone desktop application that visualized a list of GPS coordinates on a
map while concurrently playing a pre-recorded video of the route, providing a
comprehensive view of the journey.
2.
Tech Stack - Python, Kivy
EDUCATION
1.
Jaypee University of Information Technology, Solan — Bachelors in Technology (Computer
Science and Engineering) - 2017 - 2021
University Projects:
 
Reﬂex Test (3rd year) Source Code
 
Jarvis-AI (4th year) Source Code
SKILLS
1.
Languages - Java 8, Python 3, Kotlin,
Javascript
2.
Object-oriented programming, Low
Level Design (SOLID principles),
Design Patterns
3.
REST APIs, Distributed Systems,
Micro-service Architecture, Basic
High Level Design.
4.
Databases - MySQL
5.
FrontEnd Frameworks - React, Redux
6.
BackEnd Frameworks -
 
Spring - Boot /Security / Data
JPA / MVC
 
Struts
 
Express.js
7.
Testing Frameworks - Junit 5,
Mockito
8.
Build Tools - Maven
9.
Repository Management tools - Git
and Github
10.
OS - Windows10/11, MacOS, Fedora34
(Linux)
11.
Ticket Management Tool - JIRA,
Youtrack
AWARDS and CERTIFICATIONS
1.
430 AIR in infytq_prep hackerrank
contest
2.
Cleared infytq ﬁnal coding round
with 65+%
3.
Hackerrank problem solving
certiﬁcate
4.
AIIMS Raipur - Online CME on
Artiﬁcial Intelligence in Health Care.
5.
Python Linkedin Skill Badge
6.
OOPS Linkedin Skill Badge
PROJECTS
1.
3D model of Sun, Moon, Earth
Project live here
Source Code

SUVA DULEY 
Garbeta, Paschim Medinipur, pin-721127,west Bengal Ph:7076617238 
||subhaduleygba@gmail.com || 
https://github.com/subhaDTECH || 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/suva-duley-741881202/ 
 
 
 
❖ About Me 
Looking for a challenging role in a reputable organization to utilize my skills for the 
growth of the organization as well as enhance my knowledge of new and emerging trends 
in the IT sector. 
 
❖ Education 
➢ 
University Institute of Technology , Burdwan 
Bachelor of Technology (Computer Science and Engineering) 8.54 Cgpa (2019- 
23) 
➢ 
Banerjee Danga High School 
Higher Secondary (77.14%) (2018- 19) 
➢ Banerjee Danga High School 
Secondary (73.14%) (2016-17) 
 
❖ Skills 
C++, Python, Data Structures and Algorithms, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MERN STACK, 
React.js, Node.js, Redux, SQL, Networking, Git & GitHub, OOPS, Tailwind CSS, familiar 
with Django, java. 
 
❖ Working Experience 
Web Developer (Intern)   OCT 2022 — Dec 2022          WorInWell 
  Working on JobPortal website using PHP, SQL, HTML, and CSS. 
  Designed cards in the front-end part and saving user details and fetching data in backend. 
  By using this project we can see the details of posted jobs, can apply for jobs and one can post jobs. 
❖ Projects ( Portfolio - https://suva-dtech111.netlify.app/) 
❖ 
Netflix app — Api Based Web application July-2022 
➢ Designed and developed a Netflix clone 
➢ Fetching movies details and showing to user 
➢ Data fetching using Movie Api Tmdb. 
 
❖ 
  Covid-19 Tracker — Api Based Web application   Nov -2021 
➢ Designed and developed a Covid-19 Tracker . 
➢ We can select the country and find all current covid case details. 
➢ Data fetching using covid Api. 
➢ Tools/Technologies used : React.js , Node.js , Express.js , covid-api. 
 
❖ 
 Realtime Chat Application - Chat app   Jun-2021 
➢ Designed and developed Realtime chat app. 
➢ Google authentication 
➢ Tools/Technologies used: React.js , Node.js , pusher , Mongodb. 
 
❖ Achievements and awards 
➔ 2* on Leetcode solving 200+ dsa & algo problems. 
➔ Solving 240+ Problems on GeeksforGeeks. 
➔ Qualify for SnackDown 2021 pre-Elimination round on codechef. 
➔ Content writer at Medium. 
➔ Specialist at Codestudio. 
➔ 3* at Codechef. 

Debarshi Hafila
Profile
I am interested to enhance my educational and 
professional skills in,the field of planning. My other, 
interests are also a good asset to my,course of study and
I would like to,work on them as to gain more knowledge 
which I can learn to also,develop my personal life.
Education
Contacts
Neighborhood Planning and Basics of Design; Area 
Appreciation; Transport Planning; Site Planning;  Local 
Area Planning; Master Planning; Regional Planning.
Thesis  - The Impact of Storytelling in Planning.
Semester 1
s Article Revie
 Documentary Revie
 Area Appreciatio~
{ Site Planning at Dwarka, New Delh
 Outline Development Plan - Hoshangabad
Semester 2 
- Environmental Improvement Plan for NCT Delhi with 
focus on Air Pollution
Semester 3 
- Environmental Strategies for Nainital and Region with 
Focus on Climate Risk Assessment
Thesis 
- Environmentally Compatible Land use planning in 
Eco Sensitive Zone - A Case Study of Kaziranga National 
Park & Tiger Reserve
Masters: Environmental Planning - 2021-23
Bachelors: Physical Planning - 2017-21
School of Planning and Architecture, New Delhi
Professional Experience
s GIS based Master Plan for Guwahati, Assam 
preparation under AMRUT Missio~
 Waterbody Rejuvination project under AICTE 
and MOEFCC,
Software Skills
Academic Skills
Debarshi Hafila
hafiladebarshi@gmail.com

(+91) 9957691924,
vimeo.com/debarshihafila
instagram.com/debarshi_hafila
 Planing History & Theory
 Socio - Economic Base for Plannin
 Planning Techniques
 Infrastructure & Transport Planning
 Housing & Environmental Planning
 Demography & Statistical,Applications
 Environmental Monitoring and,
Assessmen
 Environmental Economics & 
Environmental Auditing
 Environmental Protection and,
Management
 Environmental and Planning,
Legislation
 Advanced EIA Techniques

HOBBIES
TANISHKA
MANGTANI
Seeking a position to utilize my
present skills & abilities in an
organization that offers professional
growth while being resourceful,
innovative and flexible.
+91 7400586465
tmangtani1998@gmail.com
House no. 266/A, 
Near Gulzar Hotel, Madan Mahal, 
Jabalpur(M.P.)
SKILLS
EDUCATION
WORK EXPERIENCE
LANGUAGE
SOCIAL
Social Media Marketing
Content Marketing
Graphic Design
Google Ads
Business Branding
Copywriting
SEO
English
Hindi
linkedin.com/in/tanishkamangtani/
2020 | Bachelor Of Commerce With Computer Application 
 Mata Gujri Mahila Mahavidhyalaya, Jabalpur (M.P.)
Digital Marketing Executive 
IOTA Informatics Private Limited
May 2021 - Dec 2022
Sep 2020 - May 2021
Jan 2020 - Mar 2020
Human Resources Executive 
Counselor | Receptionist 
Pixie Hospitality Service Pvt. Ltd.
Talwalkars
Handled recruitment for hotel & restaurant staff.
Taking interviews, scheduling their further job trials.
Maintaining excel sheets.
Counseling customers, follow-ups, feedback calling, generating
enquiries.
Handling social media accounts of clients.
Team coordination.
Running campaigns.
Graphics creation.
Web content creation.
Also worked as Project lead.
2017 | Intermediate | CBSE 
 St. Aloysius Sr. Sec. School, Jabalpur (M.P.)
2015 | High School | CBSE 
 St. Aloysius Sr. Sec. School, Jabalpur (M.P.)
Human Resources Associate
Saisun Outsourcing Services Pvt. Ltd.
Handling onroll job recruitment.
Direct coordination with the client.
 Aug 2019 - Oct 2019
Marg Software Operator 
Dinesh Exports Private Limited
May 2019 - July 2019
Work on marg software, excel sheets, receipts creation.
Back Office Associate 
Chaze
Product updation in app, taking orders, solving customer queries, feedback &
reviews.
Apr 2019 - May 2019
facebook.com/tanishkamangtani/
instagram.com/tanishka_mangtani10/
https://twitter.com/TanishkaMangta1
Watching movies & series
Reading books
Dancing
Singing
Cooking
PERSONAL 
INTERNSHIPS
CERTIFICATIONS/AWARDS
Technical Content Writing at  Market Statsville (3 months).
Digital Content Writing at SkillEnhanced (3 months).
Awarded & Certified for the Most Impactful Startup in the
field of education & skill development for the year 2020.
Certified by People's Reflection to encourage talent for
Content Writing Competition (scored 94 out of 100).
Certified & Recommended for Technical Content Writing
at SkillEnhanced.
Certified DG-Star Performer Of The Month at IOTA
Informatics.
Certified on completion of 1 year of work at IOTA
Informatics.
Certified for completing TTT Writing That Sells Courses.
Certified for completing Social Media Masterclass Course
at Skillshare by Robin & Jesper, Digital Marketing
Professionals.
Certified for completing Digital Marketing Masterclass
Course at Skillshare by Robin & Jesper, Digital Marketing
Professionals.
Certified for completing Content Marketing Strategies
Course at Skillshare by Robin & Jesper, Digital Marketing
Professionals.
Certified for completing Business Branding Masterclass
Course at Skillshare by Robin & Jesper, Digital Marketing
Professionals.
Certified for completing Copywriting Masterclass Course
at Skillshare by Robin & Jesper, Digital Marketing
Professionals.
Certified for completing SEO Training Masterclass Course
at Skillshare by Robin & Jesper, Digital Marketing
Professionals.
Certified as 'Writing Intern' at Marpu Foundation.
Father's Name: 
 Mr. Rajkumar
Mangtani
Mother's Name:
Mrs. Sharda
Mangtani
Date Of Birth:
November 10,
1998
Marital Status:
Single
Nationality: 
       Indian

PROFILE
As an outgoing and creative marketing professional with 8 years of experience, I possess a deep
understanding of business operations and have managed eCommerce operations on a day-to-day
basis. With developed expertise in social media, email marketing, and paid advertising, I am
results-driven and guarantee results when dealing with brand awareness and driving sales.
Freelancer Marketing Manager (self - employed)
EDM - Etas Digital Marketing| February 2017 - present
Providing various digital marketing services which include:
 
Social media, SEO, Google Ads, Bing Ads, Pinterest, graphic design, video editing, blog
writing;
 
Building marketing plans and social media schedules for the required period of time, with
provided/created graphic materials;
 
Giving feedback and training to businesses in need regarding how to improve their current
website/content/social media aiming them at being more profitable.
 
Creating digital materials, video editing, blog writing.
Paid Media Manager
The Club Company|December 2021 - December 2022
 
Analysed PPC accounts, Google Analytics, and website data of active campaigns to highlight
issues/points of improvement and strengths/essential characteristics to keep;
 
Set up, developed, deployed, and optimised paid search campaign strategies;
 
Led budget allocations and spending strategies for each PPC Campaign;
 
Provided feedback and evaluation of campaign performance and activity;
 
Liaised with the marketing manager to suggest and construct successful campaign ideas;
 
Researched target audiences' performance across PPC platforms;
 
Improved a yearly communication plan and executed agreed activities;
 
Reviewed website content and functionality whilst understanding SEO requirements;
 
Suggested opportunities to increase website ranking and reduce bounce rate;
 
Managed the social media strategy to increase website traffic through organic social media
channels;
 
Formulated clear marketing campaign reports using data analysis tools like Google Analytics;
 
Stayed up to date on changes and new opportunities in the PPC, social media, and UX to
deliver quick updates and notify the team.
Marketing Manager/ Chief Operating Officer
Kameleon Rose | February 2017 - August 2021
 
Managed all of the business day-to-day operations;
 
Worked closely with the CEO in planning and achieving yearly goals;
 
Led the team in daily operations and to achieve customer satisfaction;
 
Strengthened product branding and outreach by developing marketing plans, promotional
marketing campaigns across multiple channels - Facebook, Instagram, email, Google
Adwords, Pinterest, TikTok, Youtube, Influencer marketing, exhibitions and more;
 
Increased sales by 400% within the first year by integrating targeted online campaigns,
including SEO, social media, email campaigns and paid adverts (with a very limited budget)
 
Leveraged industry trends and competitive analyses to improve and update marketing
strategies when needed;
 
Communicated and worked with B2B companies, partners, and factories;
 
Represented the company in various events, exhibitions, or photoshoots;
 
Created the best model for customer satisfaction in order to improve our current
products/service;
 
Launched new products;
 
Trained the staff in JD Sports shops and other boutiques in our product presentation and
usage for best representation.
Staff Manager (Part time)
Piazza Italia (R.A.O Finland Oy) | December 2019 - October 2022
 
Successful communication with team members and support at work;
 
Managing daily operations of the restaurant in the Exhibition centre;
 
Organic & Paid social media advertising on Facebook & Instagram.
Marketing Executive
Victorian Cornice Company | June 2016 - January 2017
 
Provided support with Google Adwords, Google Analytics and Webmaster tools;
 
Helped with SEO content writing;
 
Assisting with marketing strategy and by suggesting creative ideas. Managed social media
channels, email marketing and PR, graphic design.
Food and Beverage Assistant
Holiday Inn Express | October 2014 - April 2016
 
Provided friendly and professional customer service;
 
Helped the supervisor to train new team members;
 
Recommended and sold food and beverage products when appropriate.
Junior Project Manager
Seriously Inc. | September 2012 - April 2013
 
Researched client advertising history and used the relevant data for future advertising
campaigns;
 
Coordinated the work for advertising channels;
 
Kept and maintained an up to date client database;
 
Represented the company at public events promoting the company name and services;
 
Wrote various commercial offers and proposal documents;
 
Handled customer enquiries over the phone and email.
Marketing Assistant
Start Karma | January 2013 - July 2013
 
Wrote blogs and articles to promote services;
 
Searched and contacted potential investors;
 
Sourced and collated educational material based on required subjects to be later used as a
tutorial.
EDUCATION
University College Birmingham | September 2014 - January 2016
MA Marketing Management for Events, Hospitality and Tourism
Vilnius University International Business School | September 2015 - June 2016
Top up studies - marketing, international business, human resource management, finance
University of Applied Sciences Vilnius | September 2010 - June 2013 Bachelor's Degree in Marketing
Management
Utenos Saules Gymnasium (High School) | September 2005 - June 2013
SKILLS
 
Proficient in Adobe Photoshop and Lightroom, Movavi;
 
Good working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint;
 
Experienced Shopify, WordPress, Wix and Magento websites;
 
Working knowledge of Google Analytics, Adwords, Facebook Ads, Pinterest Ads, Bing Ads;
 
Fluent in English, Lithuanian and (Russian speaking);
 
Organised and reliable;
 
Keen eye for detail;
 
Dedicated and smart working;
 
Self - motivated;
 
Great team player;
 
Adaptable;
INTERESTS
 
Travelling;
 
Climbing;
 
Board Games;
 
Photography;
 
Poetry;
 
Crafts;
 
Gourmet;
 
New Technologies;

Nahuel
Angelone
I am a trailblazing BizDev Manager with more than 
3 years of leadership experience at the 
intersection of technology, entertainment and 
politics. Proven ability to build and direct 
authentic and complex marketing, 
communications, business automation and media 
programs that earn trust and respect from 
creators, influencers, industry thought leaders, 
journalists, and consumers. 
Fiscally responsible brand builder, adept at 
designing industry-leading strategies aligned to 
business goals, while bringing together key 
stakeholders to build for success within a myriad 
of business structures.
Prepared business cases for IT enhancements, 
ensuring a fresh approach to improving existing 
systems and reporting processes.
PROFILE
WORK EXPERIENCE
Student Ambassador
Swansea University
02/2022 - PRESENT
SWANSEA, GALES, REINO UNIDO
BanklessCard Bizdev
BanklessDAO
can't tell much, creating a card to help you becoming 
bankless.
01/2023 - PRESENT
Contributor and Full member
BanklessDAO
Bankless Card project  Automatization of internal 
operations Blog contributor Research guild
10/2022 - PRESENT
Co-Founder
BionicDAO
The DAO  is dedicated to using AI and blockchain to 
produceeople of the future.  We believe that these 
emerging technologies can be a powerful ally in our 
11/2022 - PRESENT
WORK EXPERIENCE
lives. Additionally, AI can help us to consider a wide 
range of perspectives when making decisions, 
allowing us to make more well-rounded decisions.   
We are creating an all in one decentralized 
ecosystem of professionals that bring up communal 
projects to work on for shared revenue.
Técnica de selección de personal técnico
Global Crypto Events
02/2022 - PRESENT
REMOTE
Founder
VerseFi
- Managed a team of 15 people remotely - Metaverse 
lead level designer - Administrated Notion for team 
management - Created a weekly crypto blog still 
active - Securing a customer retention rate of 63%. - 
Attended crypto events as a brand representative  - 
Made 3 useful partnerships that leveraged the 
business (Santander Bank, Brickken, Bithotel) - 
Wrote whitepaper and documentation of the project - 
Successfully pitched to VC and banks  - Recruited 
and evaluated over 100 people  - Created an 
innovative method of redistributing equity among 
workers through tokenisation - Designed game 
experiences for different metaverses - Taken care of 
the social media of the company - Made many 
connections with web3 contacts and businesses - 
Leveraging a community to over 2000 members - 
Delivering weekly instructions and reports to the 
community
12/2021 - PRESENT
SWANSEA, GALES, REINO UNIDO
Ingeniero de software
VerseFi
Made an AI that uses the requests module to send a 
request to the AliExpress website to get the 3 most 
sold products in the week. It then uses the 
BeautifulSoup module to parse the HTML code and 
extract the data for these products. The extracted 
data is stored in a pandas DataFrame, and the prices 
are increased by 20%. The code then uses the 
12/2022 - 12/2022
07/05/2002
Spain
+44 7907405673
nahuelangeloneoliver@gmail.com
Henrietta street, Swansea sa2 0pb, Uplands, Gales, Reino Unido
WORK EXPERIENCE
EtsyAPI module to relist the 3 most sold products on 
Etsy with the updated prices. Finally, the code uses 
the EtsyAPI again to get the orders from Etsy, and 
loops through these orders to buy each item on 
AliExpress.  An automatic reseller bot.   Made an 
automatically growing social media account on 
Instagram that follows people commenting a specific 
hashtag and stops following them after a week, it 
also comments on posts with such hashtags. With 
this bot I can replace the role of account manager in 
my company.
Community Manager
Bithotel.io
- Testing and suggesting game features for a DeFi 
game - Guerrilla marketing campaigns - Market 
research & Study - Managing a community of 40000 
people in discord while solving questions - Focused 
on the Spanish community
08/2022 - 09/2022
Blog Contributor
Brickken
- Contributor of the weekly crypto blog about 
tokenisation and DAOs - Market research
08/2022 - 08/2022
BARCELONA, CATALUÑA, ESPAÑA
Director de desarrollo empresarial
EMG Trading UK
Selling medical equipment to the UK market
12/2019 - 10/2021
National Committee
Model United Nations
Attended a total of 3 MUN sessions as a Committee 
representant  Outstanding Delegate, Outstanding 
Parliamentarian, Best economical resolution
05/2018 - 10/2021
BARCELONA, CATALUÑA, ESPAÑA
CMO & Partnership seeker
Heartmed Pharmacy
01/2018 - 10/2021
BARCELONA, CATALUÑA, ESPAÑA
Chairman Committee
Model United Nations
Attended a total of 5 MUN sessions as a chair 
05/2016 - 10/2021
BARCELONA, CATALUÑA, ESPAÑA
EDUCATION
Politics & Economics
Swansea University
2020 - 2024
EDUCATION
Investment banking & portfolio
management
Amplifyme
Earned a total of 4M in commissions, second on the 
50-participant leader board.
11/2022 - 11/2022
Interpersonal Skills & Effective
communication
Dale Carnegie Training
03/2019 - 05/2019
Leadership Skills
Dale Carnegie Training
08/2018
Bacchalauratte
European International School of Barcelona
09/2014 - 06/2020
Ambassador
TMRW Crypto conferences
09/2022
# Cryptocurrency
# Business development
# Business automation
# Business intelligence
# web3
# Leadership
# web3
# Team building
# Problem resolution
# Team management
# Digital marketing
# Time management
# Business planning
# Communication
# Partnerships
# Team spirit
SKILLS
English
Catalan
Spanish
Italian
French
LANGUAGES
90
%
100
%
100
%
40
%
30
%

NEERAJ KAUSHIK 
(+91)-9518-225-203 
nkthecoder@@gmail.com 
 
 EDUCATION: 
Mohali, IN 
CHANDIGARH ENGINEERING COLLEGE 
Fall 2019 - July 2023 
  Pursuing B. Tech. in Computer Science Engineering, CGPA: 7.8(till 7thsem). 
 
LANGUAGES and TECHNOLOGIES: 
 
Languages: Python, HTML, CSS, 
Technologies: MySQL, Bootstrap 
Tools: Git, GitHub 
 
  EXPERIENCE: 
    Intern at Nokia Solutions and Networks (Aug2022- Till Now): 
 
Working on CI/CD pipeline. 
 
Performing CI Regression Testing. 
 
Performing testing on Bare Metal. 
 
Analyzing test result of testbeds.  
 
Use Linux Commands to run the jobs and use of VMWARE.  
 
 PROJECTS: 
  Accident Informer: 
 
Used Python libraries like Folium for mapping. 
 
Using OOPs concepts created Low level designing. 
 
Used Rest APIs from Ipinfo to get IP location. 
 
Import libraries like UUID, Time to get time and generate random message IDs.  
 
Used Git and GitHub as Version Control System to track the project. 
 
https://github.com/Neeraj-kaushik/Python_Project_Accident_Informer 
  
 YouTube Video Downloader: 
 
used python library pytube for getting you tube access. 
 
Help to download you tube video in high quality. 
 
Complete information about file we are downloading. 
 
PROFICIENCY IN SUBJECTS:  
 
DBMS 
 
OOPS 
 
Computer Network 
 
Operating System 
 
ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE AND AWARDS: 
 
1.) Competitive Programming: Coding on sites like  
 GEEKFORGEEK: https://auth.geeksforgeeks.org/user/nkthecoder/practice 
 LEETCODE: https://leetcode.com/Neeraj_Kaushik/ 
2.) Internships: Advanced Structure India, Cygnus  
SOCIAL PROFILES: 
GitHub: https://github.com/Neeraj-kaushik 
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/neeraj-kaushik-7a3226194/ 

Nirmal Jobanputra 
Writer, Marketer, Content Curator 
A word-smith who is always up for learning new things and serving this knowledge back to the world in
form of stories, ideas, and campaigns. 
nirmal.thakkar19@gmail.com 
7405752248 
SURAT, India 
19 October, 1993 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Copy Writer 
ATC 
05/2022 - 10/2022,  
Remote - USA 
Tech Copy Writing 
Video Copy Scripts 
Copy Writer/CS 
93.5 RED FM 
02/2018 - 04/2020,  
Vadodara 
Creative Output, Creating radio properties and selling them 
Innovative campaign ideation, ads and Digital Content 
Social Media marketer (Project based) 
Boarding Das(Vir Das) - Events Speciale 
11/2017 - 02/2018,  
Pune 
Event Speciale is an event mangament and production company. We
were handling Vir Das's India Tour. 
Creative content scheduling to lure in the TG 
Making Digital Marketing tactics to promote the event 
Content Writer 
MasterMind 
02/2017 - 08/2017,  
Surat 
Writing articles/blogs for the company website 
Creative artwork content / Constructing marketing
strategies and marketing campaigns 
Intern - Public Relations 
Publicis Consultants Asia(MSL) 
10/2016 - 12/2016,  
Mumbai 
Accounts - "Netﬂix, Nvidia" 
Marketing Manager 
Foodiecart.in 
07/2015 - 01/2016,  
Surat 
Company Branding and Positioning Strategies 
B2B communication and alliance 
SKILLS 
Creative Writing 
Content Writing 
Voice Overs 
Branding and Advertising 
People Management Skills 
Acting 
PR Campaigns 
Digital Marketing 
EDUCATION 
MBA - Marketing 
SMU 
12/2015 - 01/2018,  
Class || 
MBA - Marketing 
BBA - Marketing 
BAOU 
03/2011 - 04/2014,  
Class | 
LANGUAGES 
English 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
Hindi 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
Gujarati 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
INTERESTS 
Reading in Abundance 
Football 
Critical Thinking 
Logical Tests 
Art(poems and stories) 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 
Event management 
Content Writer 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 
Courses 

Neeraj Rajput 
Video Editor 
quality things take time 
neeraj07001@gmail.com 
+91 8938065271 
Agra, India 
instagram.com/Neeraj._.rajput 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Video Editor 
BLKBOX.ai 
02/2023 - Present,  
California, United States (Remote) 
I majorly working on SFX of game ad. videos 
Associate Video Editor 
Physics Wallah 
05/2022 - 03/2023,  
NOIDA, Uttarpradesh (India) 
I used to edit lecture videos and checking the production quality of raw
videos, and doing Quality Check of ﬁnal product 
Video Editor (Internship) 
CBS Venture 
10/2022 - 03/2023,  
London, United Kingdom (Remote) 
I used to edit lecture videos and checking the production quality of raw
videos 
Asst. Manager-Studio 
Jobaaj.com (Nishtya Infotech Pvt. Ltd.) 
01/2020 - 11/2021,  
AGRA, Uttarpradesh (India) 
Jobaaj.com is a consultancy compony. This company has a multi-platform like an E-
learnings portal Job portal and many other platforms. 
In this company, I use to take all decisions regarding designs. I handle all
the shoots and video editing tasks, and graphics work and I guide and lead
the design team. 
PORTFOLIO 
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/17wBNKeg-
Y5ODYJmooin1vFCc1vjra0PF?usp=share_link
 
 
EDUCATION 
Graduation 
AAFT,Noida 
2017 - 2020,  
B.Sc Animation &VFX 
Higher Secondary School 
Shivalik Cambridge College 
2017,  
Commerce 
SKILLS 
Adobe Premiere Pro 
Adobe After Eﬀects 
Adobe Photoshop 
Adobe Illustrator 
Lightroom 
Color Theory 
Cinematographer 
Photographer 
Focused 
Managed 
Dedicated 
Motivated 
Dedicated 
Organized 
Team Work 
ACHIEVEMENTS 
National level Cricket player (2016) 
I played National Cricket in 2016 From Rajasthan 
2nd Runner up in COD MW Gaming competition (2017) 
2nd Runner up in call of duty modern warfare Gaming competition In
College in multiplayer and I was the team Leader 
District level volleyball Player (2015) 
I played District Volleyball in 2015 From agra 
LANGUAGES 
English 
Professional Working Proﬁciency 
Hindi 
Professional Working Proﬁciency 
INTERESTS 
Video Editing 
Gaming 
Sports 
cinematography 
Photography 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 
Courses 
Courses 

PRASHANT RAMESH JHA
Course :B.E. (Hons.), Electronics and Communication Engineering, 2022
Email
:f20180332@goa.bits-pilani.ac.in
Mobile :7038170634
CGPA
:8.02
ACADEMIC DETAILS
COURSE
INSTITUTE/COLLEGE
BOARD/UNIVERSITY
SCORE
YEAR
CLASS XII
Bharati Vidyapeeth English Medium School
CBSE
92.6 %
2017
CLASS X
City International School
CBSE
9.2 CGPA
2015
Subjects /
Electives
Computer Programming,  Object Oriented Programming,  Communication Networks
Technical
Proficiency
C++, Java, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, React.js, Node.js, SQL, MongoDB, Firebase, Git, AWS, Linux, Shell
Scripting, Docker, GIS, Watson, Unity, Web Scraping, Microsoft Excel, MATLAB, X86 Assembly
Site Reliability Engineer, Media.net
May 2023 - Present
SDE Intern, Here Maps
Jul 2021 - Dec 2021
SDE Intern, MySmartPrice Web Technology
May 2020 - Jun 2020
 
 
Worked on research projects related to Graph Theory (Alignment) and Image Processing (Super Resolution).
Technologies Used : Python (TensorFlow, PyTorch, OpenCV), GIS, GeoJSON, React.js, Git, Linux, Docker.
 
Worked on the backend of SMS Classification and Parsing System that manages finance for its users.
Worked on the FinPal Community project which aims at bridging the gap between finance experts and common users.
Technologies Used : SQL, JavaScript, RegEx, Scrapy, Excel.
SUMMER INTERNSHIP / WORK EXPERIENCE
WhistleBlower - Web3 / Full Stack Blockchain
Dec 2021 - Present
CareQuest - Web Development
Jun 2020 - Aug 2020
Handlr - Web Development
Jan 2020 - May 2020
 
WhistleBlower : Defending facts on the web | Github | A Web3 application that allows users to expose facts anonymously.
Technologies Used : Solidity, Web3.js, IPFS, Truffle, Material-UI, MERN stack.
Ranked #2 in Web3 Hacks organized by QuestBook.
 
CareQuest : A load balancing platform for medical services aimed at bringing order to the chaos caused by COVID-19 | Github
Technologies Used : IBM Watson, HERE Maps, Tesseract, PushBot, SendGrid, Firebase, mongoDB, nodeJS, Bootstrap, Heroku.
Ranked Asia #2 in Programmer's Date - Asia's largest community-backed hackathon, shortlisted among top 32 teams for the preliminary
global finals of the Better Health Hackathon: #CodeForCovid19, and Best use of Google Cloud in SigmaHacks 2.0 .
 
Handlr : An interactive platform that displays semester wide timetable, exam schedule, details of the courses opted by the student,
professor's contact info, and all other academic details in a personalized manner for all students of BITS Goa | Github
Technologies Used : HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Node.js, mongoDB, Scrapy, Excel.
Used by over 2000 students across the campus on a regular basis.
PROJECTS
Rank 1 in Crack the COVID-19 Crisis Hackathon
Jun, 2020
Rank 9 in Cisco SecCon APJC CTF 2020
Oct, 2020
AIR 50 in National Engineering Olympiad 3.0
Apr, 2020
 
Built prototype for an AI based healthcare virtual assistant to reduce load on helplines, and provide accurate data during the pandemic.
Team Rank #1 in the national finals of Crack the COVID-19 Crisis : The National Online Hackathon organized by IBM and NASSCOM 
 
Secured Team Rank 9 in the final round of Cisco SecCon APJC CTF 2020
 
Secured an All India Rank 50 in Second Year Engineering category of National Engineering Olympiad 3.0
COMPETITIONS
Network Representative - Council for Student Affairs (Extended)
Sep 2018 - Aug 2019
 
Maintained network related grievances for my hostel as elected for the post of Network Representative
POSITION OF RESPONSIBILITY
Center for Technical Education
Jan 2020 - May 2020
  - Role: Instructor | Cause: Education
Taught Introduction to Linux (Ubuntu) course to students in Center for Technical Education BITS Goa
VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
7.95

ATIN GUPTA 
Full Stack Developer 
Tech-Savvy professional with advanced training and experience in Web and App development. Delivers
above average results to delight clients and drive internal enhancements. Always seeking new and
improved strategies to achieve objectives. Committed job seeker with a history of meeting company
needs with consistent and organized practices. Skilled in working under pressure and adapting to new
situations and challenges to best enhance the organizational brand. 
guptaatin1997@gmail.com 
7355442998 
KANPUR NAGAR, India 
linkedin.com/in/atin-gupta-2a2372137?
lipi=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Ad_ﬂagship3_proﬁle_view_base
_contact_details%3B6d1TzWQsR%2BGfc%2FH7lYGtGQ%3
D% 
github.com/guptaatin 
instagram.com/atin.knp0512?igshid=ZDdkNTZiNTM= 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Full Stack Developer 
Acme Intech 
08/2021 - Present,  
Lucknow, India 
Company has an outstanding performance in the Shopify development
including the theme and App. 
managed both back-end and front-end aspects of
development process. 
Engaged with product management for requirements analysis
and clariﬁcations. 
Assisted other developers with coding, troubleshooting and
debugging. 
Software Engineer 
Tubelight Communications 
12/2020 - 08/2021,  
Lucknow, India 
Tubelight Communication platform is a API-based platform to engage your
clients with personalized messages, chatbots and programmable APIs. 
developed web applications using variety of engineering
languagues. 
coordinated with project managers to meet development
timelines and plan testing. 
engaged with user experience designers crafting clean
interfaces with simple, intuitive interactions and functions for
software package. 
EDUCATION 
B.Tech 
Rajkiya Engineering College 
08/2015 - 10/2020,  
Banda, India 
Information Technology 
SKILLS 
Design and development 
Javascript experience 
Application development 
Testing and deployment 
Requirements analysis and design phases 
Worked on technologies: ReactJs, React Native, Redux,
Nodejs, Express, MongoDb, Mysql, Sequelize, Laravel,
Javascript, Typescript, Shopify, Git, AWS, Heroku, Netlify 
PERSONAL PROJECTS 
Maryltd Custom App (04/2022 - 10/2022) 
A Shopify Custom App where merchant can perform product
management, orders management and new tasks creation. 
It is developed using Laravel, MySql, Shopify, AWS, Git. 
Buddy The Ball App (01/2023 - Present) 
An App with four diﬀerent portals of customers, coaches,
regional managers, super admin where they all can perform their
tasks. They all will be using one app with their credentials. 
Technologies Used are React Native, Node Js, Express Js,
Moongose, MongoDB, Shopify, Git. 
Ribbon Reel Public App (02/2023 - Present) 
A Shopify Public App by which merchant can add a functionality of
adding video message along with the purchased order by their
customers. 
Technologies used are React Js, Node Js, PostgreSql, Express Js,
Shopify, Git, Heroku. 
ACHIEVEMENTS 
Appraisal 
Got Appraisal in less than 12 months 
LANGUAGES 
English 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
Hindi 
Native or Bilingual Proﬁciency 
INTERESTS 
Poetry Writing, Reading Books 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 
Courses 

                                                                       Kalyani Vadlamudi  
                           Mbl:+91 9951622709|kalyanivadlamudi430@gmail.com 
___________________________________________________________________
CAREER OBJECTIVE: 
To work for an organization which provide me the opportunity to improve my skills and     
knowledge where I can put my efforts for achieving organizational as well as personal goals. 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY :           
➢ Having 1 year of experience in IT Industry as a .Net Developer (C#, ASP .Net and MVC). 
➢ Experience on SQL Server Database: Database design, developing Constraints, writing 
SQL Queries, Stored procedures.  
➢ Work independently and efficiently to meet SLA (Service level agreement). 
➢ Experienced in Object oriented analysis, design, and programming.  
➢ Development and support for various modules in C#,ASP.NET,ADO.NET, SQL,HTML,CSS.  
TECHNICAL FORTE: 
➢ C# 
➢ Asp.net 
➢ Ado.net 
➢ Mvc 
➢ Sql 
➢ Html 
➢ Css 
 CERTIFICATION: 
➢   Asp.net from Brain Bench(2022)  
STRENGTHS: 
➢ Ability to deal with people diplomatically. 
➢ Able to grasp new things quickly.  
➢ Quick learner, Move with Positive Attitude. 
 EDUCATION DETAILS: 
➢ Bachelor of Technology from RSR Engineering College with specialization of Electronics 
& Communication Engineering in 2021. 
➢ Intermediate from Dr.Bsr Junior college in 2017. 
➢ SSC from APRS School in 2015.  
 
                                                                   Kalyani Vadlamudi 
                          Mbl:+91 9951622709|kalyanivadlamudi430@gmail.com 
 
 WORK EXPERIENCE: 
➢   Worked as Associate Software Engineer with Virtusa Consulting Services Pvt Ltd from 
Dec 2021 to Dec 2022. 
 PROJECT: 
                                                           Project                     :   Epost global   
                                                      Size                           :   20 
                                                      Role                          :    Developer 
                                                      Environment           :     C#, MVC5,Visual studio 2017 ,SQL Server   
 Description : Epost global international parcel and mail shipping allow businesses to streamline 
global distribution and increasing customer satisfaction. 
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
➢ Understand / Analyze Requirement. 
➢ Involved in designing and developing functionality. 
➢ Collaborated with internal teams to produce software design and architecture.  
➢ Supported for Test and deployment activities. 
➢ Writing the DB modification scripts for DB first approach. 
➢ Analyzed the code modified the code to improve existing software.  
➢ Provided technical support for any issues that occurred in production.  
 

banipreet kaur
Delhi, India
banipreetkaur31@gmail.com
linkedin.com/in/banipreet-kaur-0089b321a
Summary
Experienced Art Educator with a demonstrated history of working in the e-learning industry. Skilled in Business
Planning, Cooking, Performing Arts, English, and Management. Strong education professional with a Commerce
with business maths focused in Commerce from Adarsh Vidyalaya High School - India.
Experience
Campaign Manager
Freelance
Jul 2022 - Present (9 months)
Business Owner
IBakeYouEat
Sep 2021 - Present (1 year 7 months)
Art Educator
Fundoo Class - Let's Learn Fundamentals; Connecting Kids To Inspiring Teachers
Worldwide
Aug 2021 - Present (1 year 8 months)
Teacher
Tuition bag private limited
Sep 2022 - Mar 2023 (7 months)
Art Educator
LearnArt
Jun 2021 - Mar 2023 (1 year 10 months)
Calligraphy Teacher
Artist Mela
Sep 2022 - Oct 2022 (2 months)
Digital Marketing Intern
Swago
Dec 2021 - Mar 2022 (4 months)
banipreet kaur - page 1
Human Resources Intern
Unschool
Nov 2021 - Dec 2021 (2 months)
Human Resources Intern
Swago
Oct 2021 - Nov 2021 (2 months)
Sales And Marketing Intern
Universal Tribes
Sep 2021 - Oct 2021 (2 months)
Marketing Intern
MeetMeFit
Sep 2021 - Oct 2021 (2 months)
1. Engaging with the Social Media Posts and promotion.
2. Market Research With respect to the Product.
3. Developing marketing Strategies.
4. Usage of app's features.
5. Achieving your own personal goal.
Fundraising Intern
Muskurahat Foundation
Sep 2021 - Oct 2021 (2 months)
-Your main task is to raise funds for the NGO by approaching people in your personal connections.
Basically, you will be raising funds through your network, which is your friends, family, relatives,
colleagues, classmates, relatives, etc
 
You will be trained in the following fields-
You will learn how to run a successful campaign under our expertise.
NGO Funding
Leveraging your network
Marketing techniques
How NGO functions and how you can create an impact.
Youth influencer
Unschool
Aug 2021 - Oct 2021 (3 months)
Sales and Marketing of the courses
Art Educator
Learn infinity
May 2021 - Jul 2021 (3 months)
banipreet kaur - page 2
Education
Sri Guru Tegh Bahadur Khalsa College
Bachelor's degree
Oct 2021 - Oct 2024
Adarsh Vidyalaya High School - India
Higher Education, Commerce
Jun 2019 - Jun 2021
S S MOTA SINGH MODEL SCHOOL
Primary and Secondary Education
2009 - 2019
Skills
English       Arts & Crafts       Performing Arts       Baking       Cooking       Communication       Teaching      
Leadership       Paper Craft       E-Learning
banipreet kaur - page 3

Anupama Singh
S K I L L S
E X P E R I E N C E
C O N T A C T
E D U C A T I O N
BBA in Marketing
Pune University
2014 - 2017
Marketi ng & HR Associate 
Maradi by Mahalakshmi Hall | May 2022 - Present
Handling all social media platforms-
Instagram, Facebook, Pinterest, YouTube,
LinkedIn, and Quora.
Planning customer-engaging activities to
increase brand awareness.
Content writing for brochures, websites,
social media captions, and blogs.
Handling all the HR activities - calculating
salaries, organising team building activities,
resolving problems.
+91 8375843333
anupamasingh376.as@g
mail.com
I am fascinated by the impact marketing has in the brand and would like to
explore & contribute more towards the growth of your company.
28-01-1997
Busi ness Development Associate
Equim | December 2021 - May 2022
Admi n Cum Counsel l or
INIFD | 2017
Canva
People skills
Basic knowledge in
MySQL, HTML
Making reels on trending
songs
Have used Facebook Meta
Business & Wix

AANCHAL JAIN
S O F T W A R E  E N G I N E E R
Web Design 
Design Thinking 
Wireframe Creation
Front End Development
Problem Solving 
Project Management 
Strong Communication 
S K I L L S
9492666866
Hyderabad, India
aanchal.jain1603@gmail.com
 linkedin.com/in/aanchal-jain16 
 A software developer with a strong foundation in clean coding,
agile practices, and test-driven development. With a passion for
producing high-quality code, I look for ways to improve my skills
and stay up-to-date with the latest technologies. 
In addition to my technical skills, I am also interested in UX and UI
design. I am excited to learn and grow in this area, and I believe that
my passion for both technical and design skills make me a strong
candidate for any team.
P R O F I L E
E X P E R I E N C E
Thoughtworks
May 2022 - December 2022
APPLICATION DEVELOPER INTERN (INNOVATION LAB)
Created a virtual aisle and 3D models using Blender, for a Luxury
Retail Application.
Developed a Skin Analyser ML project which detects skin
conditions of a person and recommends makeup products.
Worked on validation, testing and backend development for
completion of the project.
Worked on a major Metaverse project which involved creating a
3D space of the office and people, motions and gestures of the
avatars using Unity and developed the UI using Blender and the
Adobe Creative Cloud suite.
Thoughtworks
APPLICATION DEVELOPER TRAINEE (PROGRAD) 
Improved my skills as a full stack developer while working on
“Kalavithi” , an art gallery website.
Trained on backend development through Java and Spring Boot,
while working with other interns. Gained hands-on experience in
frontend development using React over a period of 2 weeks.
E D U C A T I O N
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological
University, Hyderabad
2018 - 2022
BACHELOR OF TECHNOLOGY IN
COMPUTER SCIENCE AND
ENGINEERING (CSE) 
GPA 7.82/10
March 2022 - May 2022
L A N G U A G E S  
English
Hindi
Telugu
Kinara,Inc
Feb 2023 - Present
QUANTIZED NEURAL NETWORK OPERATOR DEV
Improved my skills as a software engineer while working on kernels.
AANCHAL JAIN
S O F T W A R E  E N G I N E E R  
Python for Everybody Specialization
C for Everyone: Programming
Fundamentals
Agile Project Management: Agile,
Scrum, Kanban & XP
REST API Design, Development &
Management
The Complete GitHub Actions &
Workflows Guide
C# Basics for Beginners: Learn C#
Fundamentals by Coding
UI & Web Design using Adobe
Illustrator CC
User Experience Design Essentials -
Adobe XD UI UX Design
Using SOLID Principles to Write Better
Code - A Crash Course
      By University of Michigan (Coursera)
      By University of California, Santa Cruz
      (Coursera)
C E R T I F I C A T I O N S  
P R O J E C T S
HEART FAILURE DETECTION USING SOUND SIGNALS
Developed an application that detects Chronic Heart Failure from
PCG audio recordings. 
The approach included a combination of classic ML and end-to-
end Deep Learning and shows promising results both for the
distinction of recordings between healthy subjects and patients
and for the detection of different CHF phases.
 (Journal of Neuroscience and Quantum Physics)
NETFLIX RECOMMENDER SYSTEM USING MACHINE 
LEARNING
College Mini Project: Created a movie recommendation system.
It allows a user to choose from a set of attributes and then
recommends a movie list based on the cumulative weight of those
attributes and the K-means algorithm.
WILD PLANT WARNERS AND YIELD IMPROVISATION 
USING IOT
Built an IoT device with image detection capabilities.
It interprets the image, provides comprehensive information about
the pest or weed, and makes precise recommendations for organic
pesticide and weedicide alternatives.
Java
Python 
C/C++
C#
SQL
T E C H N I C A L  S K I L L S
L A N G U A G E S  
JavaScript
OOPS
HTML5
CSS
Kernel Programming
React
SpringBoot
F R A M E W O R K S   
Unity
Unreal Engine 
Blender
Mural
S O F T W A R E S
Adobe Photoshop 
Adobe Illustrator 
Adobe XD
Git
E X P E R T I S E   
UI/UX
User Flows

2021 - 2023
GlobusSoft Technologies
Senior Content Writer
REACH OUT
srishtisahu17@gmail.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/srishti-
sahu16
91 9098560281
SENIOR CREATIVE WRITER
Creative & resourceful creative writer with 2.5 years of
experience in fast-paced B2B & SaaS operations. Able to
design the content with a tone that creates brand
recognition. Have accomplished error-free interactive +
creative content strategies for wide-ranging prospects
across online platforms.
SRISHTI SAHU
WORK HISTORY
Experienced UX writer with a background in SEO
and a strong understanding of web2 & web3
technologies. Skilled at creating user-focused
content that drives engagement and meets business
goals. 
MY EXPERTISE
SEO Writing
UX Copywriting
SEO Research & Optimization
Clear Copywriting
Image Creation
Proofreading
Projects
Blogs: Created highly interactive SEO-based
blogs of more than 1500 words regarding
software systems and marketing assistance.
Landers: Meticulously produced both SEO and
non-SEO-based web copies with distinct use of
tone and language for each content module.
Mails: Created both technical and creative mail
copies for the clients concerning proud ct
marketing, follow ups, and announcements.
Product Documentation: Composed extensive
&  thorough documentation with utmost detail
regarding the software navigation, product
features, and overall software technical abilities.
Pitch Deck: Developed engaging and
informative pitch deck copies, highlighting key
project features, benefits, and effectively
communicating complex concepts.
Content Evaluation & Collaboration
Editorial Skills
https://docs.google.com/document/
d/1WfTbx9qdagSZZlc4vEZcceFctj6
Ci1J6Pk4bQIU-
G4A/edit#heading=h.h2w2dqon1uf
7
EDUCATION
CBSE
2015 - 10th Std.  72%
Senior Secondary School 
CSVTU - 2017/ 2021
Rungta College Of
Engineering & Technology
Bachelors of Technology 
2020 - 2021
Attended a seven-month internship program &
established skills in copywriting for social media ad
campaigns & other offline and online content styles.
The Saltaid
Copywriting Office Intern
2017 - 12th Std.  60.4%
Civil Engineering - 70%
Projects
INTERNSHIP
Social Media Copy Writing: Single-handedly
wrote creative & crisp ad copies for more than
17 brands of diverse niches.
Brochure: Drafted offline and online brochures
with high-level creativity and interactive tone
for information.
Client Handling: Handled clients directly and
managed  their content requirements on a
regular basis.
Achievement
Acquired 2 Performer Of The Year awards under
the span of 1.5 years in the firm.
Got promoted as a Senior Technical Writer under
the span of eleven months.
Bhilai Nagar Sector 10
Mentored Interns: Oversaw the training &
department induction of new candidates &
existing employees as an individual, assisted the
Team Lead for the same.
MY SKILLS
Dynamic Business Communication 
Strong Copyediting & SEO
Proactive Task Prioritization
Methodical Market  Research 
Immidiate Responsiveness
Collaborative Writing 
Thorough Grammetical Analysis
Intensive Evalutation & Proofreading
Training & Development
Web3 Content Creation
Result-driven Content Planning
Original & Creative Writing Approach
Efficient Content Publishing
Ahrefs
Grammerly
Wordpress
Google Keyword Planner
Thesaurus.com
MS Excel
Canva
PowerAdSpy
MS Word
Later
TOOLS I USE
MARKETS
US Market (Mostly) 
UAE Market 

 
WO R K  EX PER I ENC E 
EDUCATION 
SKILLS 
Mercer | Mettl, Gurugram (Dec 2021-Jan 2023) 
  
I am Senior Video Editor at Design 
Pond Agency, Gurugram. 
Specialized in visually compelling 
videos for social media and 
advertisements. I also manage 
shoots and be core member of 
production team. I have mastered 
various applications and video edit 
techniques through clipping, 
illustration, animation, motion 
graphics, audio enhancement, 
grading, and exporting.  
Worked Junior Editor in core design team of marketing 
department, I edit and make it attractive videos for promoting 
Mercer | Mettl by generating new ideas for video. 
Been a part of core design team of marketing department. I made 
video based social posts on weekly basis. Explainer video with real 
footages. Edit client's testimonial videos. Event Promo videos. 
Platform Demo videos and special occasion festival videos. I also 
handled shoot based videos. 
Certification in Graphics and 
Multimedia (Sep 2021-Mar 2022) 
Arena Animation, Varanasi 
 
Masters of Commerce (2019-21)   
Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti 
Language University, Lucknow 
 
Bachelor of Commerce (2016-19) 
Lucknow University, Lucknow 
 
 
 
E-mail 
shivangigupta29113@gmail.com 
Phone 
+91 8182843659 
+91 7379588695 
Freelancer (2020-2021) 
  Worked as freelancer for various restaurant and retail shops for 
making logo, poster, menu card, certificate, photo editing and video 
editing for social media. 
Showreel: https://youtu.be/W9hvo_Ptmms 
Behance link: https://www.behance.net/shivangigupta27 
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/shivangi-gupta-60067a22b 
City Focus Media, Varanasi (Aug 2021-Nov 2021) 
  Worked as Intern trainee at City Focus Media - Varanasi, to create 
static social posts and video composting for TVC and Ad 
commercials. Proficient in making static banners, posters and 
videos for social media advertisements. 
Mercer | Mettl work playlist link 
City Focus Media work playlist link 
Link 1 - Nation with NaMo work 
Link 2 - The Yellow Chilli menu card  
Design Pond Agency, Gurugram (Feb 2023-Present) 
  Working as Senior Video Editor at Design Pond Agency, I have 
worked extensively on editing IBS Hospital videos, showcasing 
expertise in enhancing visual narratives for the healthcare industry. I 
also manage shoots and assist the production team. 
SHIVAN GI GUP TA  
SENIOR VIDEO EDITOR  
PROFILE 
Design Pond Agency work playlist link   
WO R K  LI NK S 
Link 3 - Behance  

AAYAN AHMAD
Full stack Developer
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
PROJECTS
Interest
Adaptable and responsible web developer capable of
writing production-ready code using HTML, CSS,
JavaScript, React.Js on the front end and NodeJs, and
Express.Js on the back end to build single-page
applications. looking forward to working in a fast-
paced environment and playing a vital role in a
company's growth. hope to work in a challenging
environment as a specialized MERN stack developer. 
Technical Skill
HTML | CSS | JavaScript 
Data Structures and Algorithms
React.js | Node.js | MongoDB |
Express.js | Chakra UI 
| Redux |
Soft Skill
Team Collaboration | Remote Work |
Time Management | Problem-solving |
Critical thinking | Fast-Learner |
Pressure Handling | Leadership
Qualities
Education Background
Full-Stack Web Development
Masai School, Bengaluru 
June 2022 - present
Bachelor in Business Administration
Patna University, Patna
March 2018 - March 2021
Class 12 (science)
St.Annes High School, patna
March 2016 - March 2018
My Contact
ahmadaayan269@gmail.com
Patna,Bihar
+91 7991187349
aayan269
Modsens clone  | 
Zee5 |
PluralSight |  
Features:
Tech Stack: HTML | CSS | JavaScript 
Areas of responsibility: 
  A collaborative project built by a team of 5, executed in 5 days. 
A clone of the E-commerce Pharma Website
               Sign-in/Sign-up
               Category based products
               Ability to add the product to the cart
               Created Men's page and Women's page.
               Created Navbar
Features: 
   Tech Stack: MERN | CSS | chakraUI | React_Icons
Areas of responsibility:
   A collaborative project built by a team of 5, executed in 5 days
 A clone Website of an OTT platform called Zee5 
                   Sign-in/Sign-up 
                   Account subscription plan    
                   watch the latest, movies and web series.
                    video Play page
 Features: 
 Tech Stack: HTML | CSS | ReactJs | AXIOS
 An Individual project, executed in 5 days. 
A clone website of an online  software-education platform
                   Sign-in/Sign-up 
                   Home page and other Routes
              
Watch informative programs | Music |Travelling
| Cricket 
Portfolio
aayanAhmad


EDUCATION
no:3 Ari mel karai
 Vedaraniam, 
nagapattinam  district
flexibility
Adaptability
My SQL
Intelij Idea
Java
Java Swing
THIRUKUMARADOSS
MY PROFILE
I'm a fresher Engineering graduate looking for my first job
opportunity to demonstrate my skills and knowledge. I'm
committed to contributing to the success of my employer and
leveraging my creativity 
LIVE WIRE  CADD  CENTRE
PONNAIYAH RAMAJAYAM INSTITUTE OF
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY,THANJAVUR
Diploma in  IT
CONTACT
9003447256
thirukumara55@gmail.com
PHONE
EMAIL
ADDRESS
TECHNICAL
SKILLS
SOFT SKILLS
python
creativity
B.E mechanical engineering
2018 -2022   - 7.46-CGPA
ST. ANTONY'S MATRICULATION HIGER
SECONDARY SCHOOL,VEDARANIAM
HSC
2018 - 52%
ST. ANTONY'S MATRICULATION HIGER
SECONDARY SCHOOL,VEDARANIAM
SSLC
2016-60%
Pycharm
PROJECT  IN COLLEGE
SUMMARY
DESIGN AND FABRICATION OF VERTICAL
POSITIONED HELIXBLADE WINDMILL
The main idea of the project is to increase the power output of
the turbine. Vertical axis wind turbine was chosen because of
its various advantages  It is easy to manufacture and
installation and operation cost is low The power produced is
less when purpose compared to horizontal axis wind turbine
but it is comparatively cheap and is effective for household
purposes.
PROJECT  IN  JAVA
SIMPLE LOGIN & SIGNUP
SUMMARY
USING JAVA SWING TO CREATE SIMPLE
LOGIN & SIGNUP BY CREATING MULTIPLE
JFRAME BY JCOMPONENTS LIKE JLABEL,
JBUTTON, JTEXTFIELD, JPASSWORDFIELD
ETC. 

 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/roopa-
gupta-516a0531 (LinkedIn)
github.com/roopa164 (Personal)
medium.com/@roopa164gupta
(Personal)
www.analyticsvidhya.com/user/
Roopa (Personal)
Top Skills
Azure Databricks
Optimization
Dashboard Building
Languages
English
Hindi
Certifications
Optimization with Python: Solve
Operations Research Problems
SQL(basics)
Introduction to Data Science in
Python
Statistical Learning
Deep Learning Specialization
Roopa Gupta
Data & Applied Scientist II @Microsoft| Ex-DataScientist
@GE ,@Gartner, @Nagarro | Mentor@upgrad|Masters(Data
Science)@IIIT Bangalore
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
  6+ of experience in the areas of Predictive and Prescriptive
Analysis and have been supported by real-time industrial case
studies assignments to further strengthen my knowledge in building
the Predictive Model.
  Providing data-driven, action-oriented solutions to challenging
business problems
  Business-minded data scientist with a demonstrated ability to
deliver valuable insights via data analytics and advanced data-driven
methods.
  Won First prize across India in Geek Goddess 2018-Data Science
  Winner of her tech AI 2019 hackathons organized by Facebook.
Analytics Vidhya Profile:https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/user/Roopa
Github Profile: https://github.com/roopa164
Medium Profile: https://medium.com/@roopa164gupta
Email : roopa164gupta@gmail.com
Experience
Microsoft
Data and Applied Scientist II
February 2022 - Present (1 year 6 months)
India
upGrad
Mentor
May 2020 - Present (3 years 3 months)
India
Weekend classes as an Upgrad Xpert Mentor
(Technical)for Data Science students who are 
currently pursuing their PG Diploma from 
IIIT-B & Upgrad
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
❖ As Mentor, I support and guide students that are
part of Data Science Career track to transition 
into a career in Data Science.
❖ Role involves keeping track of each student's 
Progress with the curriculum, discussing and
evaluating assignments and projects, as well as
guiding them to complete multiple capstone
projects.
Nagarro
Associate Lead data scientist
February 2021 - February 2022 (1 year 1 month)
Gurugram, Haryana, India
Worked on end-to-end optimization problem for Ecommerce in supply chain
domain using linear optimization algorithm in python.
Gartner
Data Scientist
May 2018 - January 2021 (2 years 9 months)
Gurgaon, India
1) Worked on text Analytics use cases: Email summarisation, Resume parsing,
and scoring tool
2) Worked on Data Mining use cases: Subscription Prediction
GE
Data Science Specialist
July 2016 - May 2018 (1 year 11 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Worked on data mining use cases: 
1)increased  the yield rate of the industrial capacitor manufacturing process 
2) propensity to win opportunity in sales.
TechGig
Won Geek Goddess 2018-Data Science
February 2018 - February 2018 (1 month)
Bangalore
Won First Prize across India in Geek Goddess 2018-Data Science
infosys R & D
Internship
January 2016 - June 2016 (6 months)
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Bangalore
Education
International Institute of Information Technology Bangalore
Master's degree, Data Science
UPTU
Bachelor of Technology - BTech, Computer Science
 
Page 3 of 3

Rahul Thatar 
Front end Developer 
rahulthatar777@gmail.com 
09370405289 
Kharghar Navi Mumbai, India 
linkedin.com/in/rahulthatar 
github.com/rahulthatar777 
EDUCATION 
- 
Saraswati College of Engineering Kharghar 
2024 - Present,  
Kharghar Navi Mumbai 
- 
SVD Junior College 
2018 - 2020,  
Jalgaon,Maharashtra 
65% 
- 
Mahatma Gandhi Vidhya Sankul 
2017 - 2018,  
Surat,Gujarat 
PR 82% 
SKILLS / PROGRAMING 
C Language 
JAVA 
HTML 
CSS 
Javascript 
NODEJS 
PYTHON 
SQL 
PROJECTS 
SPORTS EVENTS APP (02/2023 - Present) 
Using Java And Firebase. 
MEDICINE REMINDER APP (08/2022 - 12/2022) 
Using Java and Android Emulator Also XML 
ONLINE CANTEEN SYSTEM (07/2021 - 12/2021) 
HTML CSS JAVASCRIPT PHP MYSQL 
Worked on Front End Development using HTML CSS Creating A
Admin Page Connected DATA base with MYSQL 
BRICKS BREAKER GAME (07/2021 - 12/2021) 
JAVA 
Created a Game Using JAVA Technology 
INTERNSHIPS 
TCS ION (01/2023 - Present) 
Android development 
CERTIFICATION 
Front End Web Development From Udemy
 (08/2022 - 01/2023) 
Android Mobile App Developer (09/2022) 
Complete JAVASCRIPT With HTML CSS Udemy .
 (01/2023) 
Science 
High School 

 
     
                    
                      New Delhi              +91 9911743829           sunil31b@gmail.com 
 WORK EXPERIENCE 
Deloitte USI, Gurgaon                                                                                                                
            
Data Scientist 2                                                                                                                                     14 months 
 Worked on Graph Neural Networks and Deep Learning 
 Developed a bipartite graph using patient and diagnosis data and designed a model in python to 
predict the treatment patients will get using node embeddings 
 Performed EDA on graph data, plotted tSNE and Umap of node embeddings for analysis                          
 ClearTax, Bangalore                                                                                                                          
                   
Software Engineer                                                                                                                                    4 months 
 Developed an E-Invoicing API in python to generate B2C QR code                                               
 Bharat Electronics Limited - Central Research Laboratory, Ghaziabad                       
 
Project Engineer                                                                                                                                     34 months 
 Worked on Collision Resolution Server(CRS), Weapon Assignment(WA) and Decision Support 
System(DSS) modules of Integrated Air Command and Control System Phase-V (IACCS-V) project 
 Developed CRS Flight Plan algorithms that were used to detect collision of flights in C++ language 
 Used Data Distribution Services technology to interact with other modules like Threat Evaluation, 
Recovery, Web, Database etc. 
 Modelled WA backend algorithms in MATLAB that assign weapons to neutralize the targets 
 Developed Simulator for CRS, WA and DSS in Qt 
 Documented System & Software Requirements, Software Architecture and Testing documents in 
IBM Doors & IBM Raphsody application 
 Tectura Infotech Pvt. Ltd., Noida                                                                                           
 
Associate Software Developer                                                                                                                   6 months 
 Worked on ERP software Microsoft Dynamics Axapta 2012                             
 PROJECTS 
Reading Comprehension Question Answering System 
Introduction to Natural Language Processing |IIT Kanpur 
 For a given passage and relevant questions, we find the most appropriate span in the passage 
which answers the question 
 Used Bi-Directional attention flow based model for training 
 
Using Hashtags for News Retrieval                                                           
Information Retrieval |IIT Kanpur 
 Used IR models to explain Twitter hashtags via relevant external news articles for general 
audience to understand the Twitter trending 
 Tweets for the hashtag are collected and converted to query which retrieves the most relevant 
news articles 
 
Creating a voting platform for Student Senate election using Ethereum Blockchain 
Blockchain Technology and Application |IIT Kanpur 
 Built smart contract in solidity 
 
Measuring psychological distance between words          
Computational Cognitive Science |IIT Kanpur 
 Built python code to find Normalized Google Distance between two words and compared it with 
human similarity values by plotting  
 ACHIEVEMENTS 
 Qualified the Qualification Round of Google Code Jam 2016, 2020, 2022 and Facebook Hacker 
Cup 2019 
 24th rank in Automatic Graph Representation Learning challenge in KDD Cup 2020 provided by 
4Paradigm, ChaLearn, Stanford and Google 
 Best rating of 1802 on HackerRank and 1571 on HackerEarth 
 Secured 1867th rank in Google Kick Start Round G 2019 
 Qualified for Round 3 of IndiaHacks 2017: Programming challenge organized by HackerEarth 
 Won 1 Silver and 3 Bronze medals in different rated contests on HackerRank 
 Secured 53rd rank out of 4837 participants On the plague trail: HackerEarth Machine Learning 
challenge organized by HackerEarth 
 Qualified SnackDown Online Qualifier 2017 organized by CodeChef and Secured a rank of 2951 in 
SnackDown Online Pre-Elimination Round 
 Secured 1st rank in International Informatics Olympiad in class XII at Delhi Public School, Kanpur 
SUNIL NISHAD  
EDUCATION 
M.S. (By Research), Computer 
Science & Engineering, 2020  
Indian Institute of Technology,                            
Kanpur 
 
B.Tech., Computer Science & 
Engineering, 2013 
Jaypee University of Engineering and  
Technology, Guna 
 
 
 
SKILL SET AND INTERESTS 
 Languages : C, C++, Python, SQL, 
MATLAB, Core Java and HTML 
 Platforms/Tools 
: 
PyTorch, 
TensorFlow, Pandas, Scikit-Learn, 
Keras,  Numpy, Power BI,  Tableau, 
Git, LaTeX, Windows, Red Hat 
Enterprise Linux, Ubuntu 
 Others : Mathematics, Algorithms, 
Data Structures, Deep Learning,  
Machine Learning, Neural 
Networks,  Programming & 
Working in groups 
 
CERTIFICATIONS 
 Machine Learning from Stanford 
University on Coursera  
 Deep 
Learning, 
a 
5-course 
specialization 
from 
deeplearning.ai on Coursera 
 Algorithms from Stanford Online 
 Chrome Extensions from Udemy 
 Core Java  from Hewlett-Packard 
Education Services, Kanpur   
 Linux 
from 
Hewlett-Packard 
Education Services, Kanpur 
  Cloud Computing from Cetpa 
Infotech Private Limited, Noida 
 
PUBLICATIONS 
 GraphReach: Position-Aware 
Graph Neural Network using 
Reachability Estimations in 
International Joint Conference on 
Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI), 2021, 
Montreal, Canada 
  Achieved relative improvement of 
upto 40 percent in ROC AUC scores, 
on the task of link prediction and 
pairwise node classification using 
node embeddings, compared to 
state of the art models like PGNN, 
GCN, GraphSAGE, GAT & GIN 
 Lexical and Parser tool for CBOOP 
program in International 
Organization of Scientific Research 
Journal of Computer Engineering, 
Vol. 10, Issue 6, May-Jun 2013 

S Kalkii
Prasad
Distinguished Engineer
Contact
(854) 999-1202
skalkiipwork@gmail.com
Bengaluru - 560100
Education
June 2014
Amity University - B. Tech.
Mechanical & Automation
- Noida
Key Skills
FrontEnd (React/Redux/Next)
TypeScript/JavaScript
Node (Express/Nest)
DevOps
Python (Django)
Hobbies
Movies & TV
Travel
Sports & Games
Comedy
Profile
Non-Conformist, Distinguished Software Engineer, with passion for Problem
Solving & Psychology and a great sense of humor as surprise addition. Excels
at Leadership and Management. Thrives for challenging tasks. Being an
assertive empath (INFJ-A) gives knack for insights into proﬁling and prediction.
Professional Experience
Freelance at Pixis (May ‘22 - Present)
▪
Features and Support for CoCreate Product - React Frontend, Node and Django
Microservices.
Senior Software Engineer (Full Stack) at Clipboard Health (Feb ‘22 - May ‘22)
▪
Migrated Ionic-Capacitor-React Frontend to capacitor upgrade and
third-party-api integration through capacitor plugin..
▪
Worked on features and migration of monolith node services to Nest Js
microservices.
Technical Lead (Front-End) at Cerebry (Jan '22 - Feb ‘22)
▪
Worked on the Preact (server side React) framework front-end.
Senior Software Engineer at Pyxis one (Sep ‘20 - Dec ‘21)
▪
Single handedly Architected, Planned and Executed Scalable, Flexible and
Modular Solution to DAM (Data & Asset Management) of Brands and Resizing
Ads Creatives as a Creative Cloud Plugin of Adobe Photoshop developed with
UXP. https://adobe.com /go/cc_plugins_discover_plugin?pluginId=d21f7166&
workﬂow=share
▪
Delivered Algorithmic Solution to Automated Resizing of Ads Creatives as
Artboards in Photoshop to any number of sizes with ease. https://adobe.com
/go/cc_plugins_discover_plugin?pluginId=b733b9a5& workﬂow=share
▪
Single Handedly Architected & Delivered POC Solution to Create Animated Ads
Creative on Web Platform just like Adobe After Effects (Image, Video, SVG Layers
moving on customizable Bezier Curves with customizable Ease functions) and
Solution to Render Video of the same at Backend to integrate with existing Web
App.
▪
Lead and Mentor Entire Team to deliver Web App Solution to DAM Access and
Image Editor from scratch. https://app.pyxiscocreate.com/
Consultant at Absentia Virtual Reality Pvt Ltd (Jun ‘20 - Sep ‘20)
▪
Hired and Mentored Team to deliver Web App Solution to Asset Management for
Brands at one place as extension to existing Solution to Targeting based on
Performance Marketing.
▪
Architect and Delivered POC Solution to Image Editor as Web App and
Resizing/Editing of Creatives made by same.
Contract Software Engineer at Homelane (May ‘19 - Jun ‘20)
▪
Architect and Executed Solution to Migrate Internal Web App to Manage Order
and Finances from Rigid PHP Frontend to Flexible and Modular React/Redux
Frontend to integrate with existing PHP Frontend.
▪
Worked with Lead 3D Engineer to Architect POC Solution to Export Automated
PDF Floor Plan for vendors from 3D Plan of Spacecraft App.
Trainee at MountBlue Technologies (Mar ‘19 - May ‘19)
▪
Completed and helped colleagues complete high paced MERN Stack training and
projects to get ready to work with Startups.
Associate Software Engineer - Trainee at TCS (Mar ‘15 - Jun ‘15)
▪
Was rated 5 out of 5 at the end of Training, Also Rewarded Star of the Batch
Award.
▪
Completed and Excelled at Training in Java.

 TESCO 
Handling cash
Helping customers
Stock Rotation and Replenishment.
Putting away Deliveries
Ensuring customers have a pleasant experience while in store.
People Skills
Listening skills
Customer Service skills
Duties
Skills Gained
Sales Assistant | September 2021 -September 2022
LLOYDS PHARMACY
Stock rotation and stock replenishment
Using the till and handling cash.
Dealing with customer's needs.
Ensuring customers get the best possible experience in store.
Dealing with prescriptions and medications.
Putting away deliveries.
Answering the phone, taking messages.
Creating spreadsheets and word documents.
Making appointments
People skills.
Listening skills
Cash handing skills.
Customer service skills.
Communication skills.
Ensuring the stock was replenished constantly.
Stock rotation.
Assisting and helping customers.
Handling returns - online shopping, deliveries.
Assisting in various other departments when needed.
Serving at the tills.
Customer service skills.
Cash handling skills
People skills
Communication skills
Duties
Skills Gained
ASDA
Customer assistant - October 2018 - June 2019
October 2018 to June 2019
Duties
Skills Gained
Counter Assistant October 2019 - August 2021
WORK EXPERIENCE
ELYSIA
MCCONNELL
PERSONAL PROFILE
Dedicated sales associate with 4+ years of
experience in the sales environment.
I have been recognised by my managers for
providing accurate product knowledge and
achieving sales targets. 
 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Microsoft programmes.
Analytical and problem solving.
Cash handling and numerical skills.
Excellent time management.
Verbal and Writing skills.
SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGEMENT 
A degree in English Literature
Creative Writing 
CONTACT INFO
1/1 28 White street, Partick
Glasgow
G115RW
Email: elysiaehmcconnell@gmail.com
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/elysia-
mcconnell-a7b633212
UNIVERSITY OF GLASGOW
Masters of the Arts - English Literature 
Undergoing my Dissertation Currently.
Writer and social media convenor  for The TAB GLASGOW 
Social Secretary for Glasgow University Literature Association (GULA)
English Literature | September 2019 - September
2023 
ACADEMIC HISTORY
Graham Craig
Email: 2042@uk.tesco.com
Frances Brandon
Email: f.brandon@tiscali.co.uk
WORK REFERENCES
 HAP SOLUTIONS GROUP
Handling cash
Helping customers
Stock Rotation and Replenishment.
Putting away Deliveries
Ensuring customers have a pleasant experience while in store.
People Skills
Listening skills
Customer Service skills
Duties
Skills Gained
Bartender |  JULY 2022- PRESENT
WAITRESS
Stock rotation and stock replenishment
Using the till and handling cash.
Dealing with customer's needs.
Ensuring customers get the best possible experience within the
cafe.
Answering the phone, taking messages.
People skills.
Listening skills
Cash handing skills.
Customer service skills.
Communication skills.
Duties
Skills Gained
APRIL 2017 - JUNE 2018
WORK EXPERIENCE

Pankaj Gurung Phone: 07881095917. Email: pankajgurung2016@gmail.com
Objective:
Seeking a profession where I can grow my skills as a marketing professional and contribute to
the overall success of a company. Hardworking and experienced individual with strong
background in communication and providing customer satisfaction. I seek to work in an
organisation where I am able to contribute to the organisations' growth and profitability with my
skills and in return get an opportunity to gain exposure and expertise that would help me to build
a promising and successful career.
Education:
2023 - MSc in Marketing Communication - University of the West of England
2014 - Bachelor of Arts (Buddhism) First Class honours Mahachulalongkornrajavidyalaya
University, Ayutthaya -Thailand
Other Education:
2019 - Diploma in Education St. Theresa International College, Nakhon Nayok - Thailand
Working
2015 - Photography Somani Institute of DigVision and Production, Ashrampara, Siliguri, W.B -
India
Experience:
2022 (December) - 2023 (February) - Night Auditor - Hilton Garden Inn, Bristol England
2022(April) - 2023 (December) Supply Teacher - Teacher Active, Bristol, England
2016 -2021 - Teacher - Sunsermwit School, Bang Phli, Samut Prakan, Thailand
  Teacher at primary section
  Plan, prepare and deliver instructional activities that facilitate student's active learning
experiences
  Observe and evaluate student's performance and development
2015 - G.S.A Front desk receptionist and cashier - Hotel Princeton Bangkok, Ding Daeng,
Bangkok,
Thailand
  Greeting and assist visitors, ensure all guests were directed promptly to the correct location
  Resolving all enquiries promptly via phone, email and in person
  Ensure all cash and card transactions for guests are processed correctly
2015 - IWANE Laboratories, Chid Lom, Bangkok, Thailand - I.T (Part Time)
  Manage google street view
  Ensuring all the information appear correctly
Skills - Microsoft office, Video production, Photography, Customer service, Communication,
Canva,Final Cut Pro X, Teamwork, Active listening, and leadership.
Languages - English, Nepali, Hindi, Urdu, Bengali & Thai

J A V A  D E V E L O P E R
AMRUTA KAPSE
Java
Spring boot
MySQL, Couchbase, MongoDB
Git
JUnit, Rest Assured , Mockito
Microservices
AgileMethodology 
 Problem-Solving
Strong Communication
S K I L L S
+91 9021445198
Pune, Maharashtra
ushir.archana96@gmail.com
I am a qualified and professional web developer with 1+ years of
experience Java, Spring boot,Microservices. Strong creative and
analytical skills. Team player with an eye for detail. 
P R O F I L E
E X P E R I E N C E
Mavenir Systems
Nov 2021- present
MEMBER OF TECHNICAL STAFF-I R&D
Worked on MavenirBusiness Monetization Platform(MBMP) and
MBMP-CRM applications(Microservice Architecture)
Business and user/customer related APIs
CRM services,Product Catalogs [Cart, Items] service
Business Hours serviceAPI's
PostGrid API's integration for address verification.
Acceptance Testing usingRestAssured framework
Unit Testing Using Junit
PICK N SAVEMART
Technology: Java, Spring boot, JWT , MySQL , React
Pick N SaveMart is an initiative to reform the client servicing
segmentby becoming a Digital MarketingSolution Provider and e-
Marketplace.
It is an ideal forum for buyers and sellers from across a local area,
who can interact with each other and conduct the business
smoothly,securely, and effectively
E D U C A T I O N
diploma in Advanced Computing
May 2021- Sep 2021
CDAC,ACTS PUNE
Information Technology
2014 - 2018
BACHELOR OF ENGINEERING,
PUNE UNIVERSITY
A C E D E M I C  P R O J E C T S

I made videos for all TV programs
I made a campus profile video
I made Animated videos for big events on
TV programs 
I made a video about Tourism
Make learning videos every month for the
education team
Make Reels, Youtube and tiktok videos
for the marketing team
create motion asset templates to make
videos more interesting 
VIdeo Editor
Audio Visual UGTV (Full Time)
 September 2020 - September 2022 (2
Years) 
Video Editor, Motion Graphic 
Yayasan Generasi Maju Berkarya 
April 2022 - Present 
Currently, as a worker who has a background in
tourism, I am equipped with the knowledge of how to
develop tourism in a place, then packaged as
attractively as possible following the times, that's why
I packaged it in a Videography and Photography
Concept. I have skills in Video Editing, Videography
and Photography, where I got those skills during 3
years working in the Broadcasting world.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
linkedin.com/in/devian-
kharisma-580122206/
deviankharisma@gmail,com
0895330975834
Adobe Premiere Pro
Adobe After Effect
Motion Graphics
Davinci Resolve
Photography
Videography
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Cum Laude
Full scholarship student Program
Lab Assistant of Audio Visual
Bachelor of Tourism, Major in Destination
University of Gunadarma
2018 - 2022
EDUCATION HISTORY
Devian Kharisma
Video Editor
Portfolio Link
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dY7YWhaXw1
mY-uBiiAV3n6-flzQ3295U/view
RELEVANT SKILLS
CONTACT ME

Qulsoom Taji
qulsoom2000@gmail.com
+919337486505
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Multi-faceted,efﬁcient, & reliable professional seeking a role which encourages me to succeed &
grow professionally where I can utilise my skills & knowledge appropriately to contribute in the
ﬁrm's proﬁtability.
SKILLS
1.General:Basics of computer hardware & software.
2.Good in using MS-OFFICE
3.Business & Managerial Skills.
4.Accounting & Data Management Skills.
5.Effective member & leader of project team.
6.Carry out multiple assignments concurrently.
EXPERIENCE
Aug-2020 - Feb-2021
Pr & Media Intern
NSG CREW
1.Organise events both virtually as well as ofﬂine.
2.Collaborate with inﬂuencers & high worth individuals for creative initiatives.
3.Used to address the masses both online & ofﬂine on behalf of the organisation.
4.Used to manage the social media handles of the organisation for it's timely response and
smooth functioning.
Oct-2020 - Aug-2021
Sales & Marketing Intern
AASHMAN FOUNDATION
1.Used to sell eco-friendly products produced by the organisation virtually.
2.Raised funds for different kinds of campaigns conducted by the organisation.
3.Used email marketing for lead conversion.
4.Generated organic leads via both cold & warm calling.
Nov-2020 - May-2021
Freelance Recruiter
JOB 4 U CONSULTANCY
1.Used different job portals for hiring of candidates.
2.Screened the candidates as per the demands of different organisations.
3.Did follow-ups before & after recruitment.
4.Generated the urgency for  job posting in order to bridge the gap between work &
unemployment.
Mar-2022 - Jun-2022
Talent Acquisition Assistant
MEDIA NEWS NETWORK PVT, LTD.
1.Contacted with various types of media houses to understand the working of media.
2.Posted different types of jobs in relation to media using social media & job portals.
3.Screened the candidates as per the asked role & hired candidates with great efﬁcacies.
4.Promoted & marketised the organisation whilst creating creative job posts for the ﬁrm.
EDUCATION
Degree/Course
Institute/College
University/Board
Year of Passing
10th-High School
New Stewart
School,Cuttack.
ICSE
2016
12th-Commerce
Shailabala
Junior Women's
College,Cuttack.
C.H.S.E.
2018
B.COM(HONS.)
Emarti Devi
Degree Women's
College,Cuttack.
Ramadevi
Women's University
Bhubhaneswar.
2021
STRENGTHS
1.Quick-learner, 2.Problem Solver, 3.Detail-oriented &, 4.Adaptable.
HOBBIES
1.Listening to soft-music &, 2. Doing things for the welfare of the society.
PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth
23.12.2000
Gender
Female
Nationality
Indian
Marital Status
Single
Languages Known
1.English, 2.Hindi, 3.Odia &, 4.Quranic Arabic.
Qulsoom Taji

Ritesh N R 
Engineer 
ritzn95@gmail.com 
9663277575 
Bangalore, India 
To Successfully design and develop highly available, scalable and robust SaaS solutions 
EDUCATION 
Bachelors Of Engineering 
Acharya Institute Of Technology 
2021,  
Led a team of 3
engineers that built
Facial Recognition
Technology to collect
student attendance 
Developed a program to
verify student
attendance using Facial
Recognition Technology
that is currently used by
the Electrical and
Electronics Department
at AIT 
Collected and processed
raw image ﬁles using
Raspberry Pi High
Quality CameraWrote
Python script to process
images and create
training data that was
stored in an Microsoft
Excel database 
Developed Python script
to uniquely identify a
person by analyzing
patterns based on the
person's facial textures
and shape, and
automatically verify
student attendance 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Associate Engineer 
Revel 
Developed a website. 
Performed Maintenance on the website. 
Integrated online payment system(Api Plugins). 
SOFTWARES/FRAMEWORKS &
SKILLS 
Java 
Python 
C/C++ 
DSA 
Embedded C 
RestAPI 
SQL 
NoSQL 
POSTMAN 
Selenium 
Spring Boot 
Tableau 
Html 
Redis 
MySQL 
PERSONAL PROJECTS 
Java Web application using Spring boot 
Developed a learn spring boot Website on local host server 
Developed a RestApi Project using Spring Boot 
Developed a ToDo Spring Boot project using RestAPI's 
Developed Library Management App using Spring Boot 
ToDo Web Application
 
 
Developed a FullStack Project using Java Spring Boot 
Used Html, CSS and JSPs to build the Frontend of the Project
and link it to the Backend of the Project 
Developed Login for user using Spring Security and stored the
user data in H2dataBase 
Developed Various Models, Repositories, Services and
Controllers to build the api's . Developed RestApi to perform
CRUD on the Data 
Library Management Web Application
 
 
Developed a Library management Application using Java Spring
boot 3 
Developed Various Models, Repositories, Services and
Controllers to build the api's 
Developed RestApi's to perform CRUD on the data 
Used the redis NoSQL database to store the data of the project 
Mini Projects 
Used RestApi to Get and Post data from a carsales Website
from udemy 
Used RestApi to Get and Post gifs from GIPHY 
Used Postman to Get, Post, Delete and Update Api 
Used tableau, Mysql to do data analysis using data from udemy 
Automated websites using Selenium WebDrivers and Eclipse
IDE 
Facial Recognition System to collect Student Attendance 
Tasked with 

RISHI RANJAN
   Patna, Bihar
   (+91) 8340301923
  rishiranjan65@gmail.com
   LinkedIn
OBJECTIVE
To secure a position in a company where I can use my skills and abilities to make a contribution to the organization. A challenging 
position in a progressive organization that will utilize my talents and provides me with an opportunity for personal and professional 
growth.
EDUCATION
MCA 
2019 — Present
Patliputra University 
76% up to sem(v)
BSC.IT
2015 — 2018
Magadh University 
68%
PROJECTS
OcGe employees management system
(using python with django framework, basic html & css)
This project manages the employees information like on which day an employee join a company and in which day an employee 
leaves a company with employees' all personal detail.
Eoogle translator
(using python, tkinter)
In this project. you can write a text and choose from a whole variety of language to translate.
CERTIFICATIONS
TCS VSE xirtual V3perienGe Program
 Mar 202Y
Forage
SKILLS
PHTNOD
JLADEO
NTMR
CSS
LAxASCWIPT
PERSONAL SKILLS
   Possesses great analytical and problem-solving skills. Ability to think rationally and thoughtfully.
   A team player, good at working collaboratively with people in order to achieve a common goal.
HOBBIES
Weading
watGhing De:s
Travelling
Ristening MusiG
JeGlaration
I hereby conrm that all the details furnished above are authentic and accurate to the best of my belief.
Powered by : ilaforplacements.com

 
RAQUEL ZUECO 
Student of Masters in 
International Business with 
Modern Languages 
BACKGROUND 
 I am a student in International 
Business with Modern Languages at 
Strathclyde University, although 
currently I'm completing my year 
abroad in Toulouse Business School. 
This has provided me with varied 
and good linguistic abilities alongside 
a solid resolve and consistency in my 
work. My ability to adapt has been 
developed greatly through the 
experience of living in three different 
countries and learning to embrace 
diverse cultures.  
 
CONTACT INFORMATION 
350 Cathedral Street, G2 1BQ, 
Glasgow 
Email: raquelzueco6@gmail.com    
Tel.: +34 691070128 
  
 
LANGUAGES 
SPANISH Mother Tongue 
ENGLISH Fluent Written and 
Spoken (Level C2/Proficiency) 
FRENCH Good Command, Written 
and Spoken (B2 Certificate, lived a 
year in France) 
INTERESTS 
MUSIC ABRSM Piano exam Level 3 
and Music Theory Level 3. 
Performed in numerous recitals. 
TRAVEL Organised a city tour 
experience as part of Travel and 
Tourism course. Have completed 
over 500km in hikes through Spain 
and travel abroad often.  
ART Took over 10 years of art 
classes, developing skills in design, 
watercolour, oil paint and pencil. 
EDUCATION 
MASTERS IN INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS WITH MODERN 
LANGUAGES University of Strathclyde, Glasgow | 2019-2024 
Subject Focus: Marketing, Human Resource Management, 
International Management and French. 
YEAR ABROAD IN FRANCE Toulouse Business School | 2022-2023  
Subject Focus: Brand Activation, Marketing of Wine, Wine Tourism, 
Wine Culture and Image and Video Marketing. 
 
 EXPERIENCE 
SOCIAL MEDIA CONTENT CREATOR | Curious Marketing | Sept. 
2021 - May 2022  
Created educational and engaging content for a Marketing Consultancy 
start-up posting on Instagram, Facebook and LinkedIn. Used Canva to 
create weekly and monthly content.  
SEASONAL SALES ASSISTANT | Tienda Solidaria Piel de 
Mariposa Patraix | June 2022 - Aug. 2022 
Responsible for store organization, assisting customers and taking 
payments. Additionally, was in charge of the window exposition design 
and store promotion to existing clients. 
ADDITIONAL SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE 
MODEL UN Participated in two Model UN Local Conferences where I 
represented the political interests of two different countries. This 
experience involved taking part in debates, which improved my ability to 
communicate ideas clearly and negotiate. 
AIESEC Took part in the initiative for 3 months, in which as part of a 
team we promoted teaching internships abroad by creating all 
marketing collateral and promotional stands.  
Fête des Vendanges Participated in the second edition of this event 
in Capitol Square in Toulouse, where we sold wine tasting kits to 
participants. Link to an article about the event. 
Wine More Time Helped organise a wine tasting event with unusual 
wines from the South-West region, where we had to contact and secure 
rare wine varieties ourselves from commercial wine suppliers.  
Master Level Programme South of France Have attained this 
certification demonstrating my knowledge of the wines in the Languedoc 
- Roussillon region equivalent to 2-3 level of WSET (Wine Spirit 
Education Trust in London). Link here. 
 
 


PROSCOVIA NABASINGA   
6475239933  
 prossy_1@yahoo.com   
   
  
   
HIGHLIGHTS OF QUALIFICATIONS   
  
Over 10 years of experience as a Biostatistician, IT, Website developer, Software developer, Data 
Analyst, data management, monitoring  and evaluation and also  quality control /quality assurance. 
  
Excellent knowledge of statistics and experienced in using statistical packages to analyze datasets 
including Excel, SPSS, SAS   
  
Ability to multitask, goal driven, self-motivated and able to solve clients' issues.    
  
Strong analytical skills ,able to collect, organize, analyze and disseminate significant amounts of 
information with attention to detail and accuracy.  
  
 Excellent organizational and communication skills. 
  
Experienced with queries, report writing, data visualization and presenting findings.   
TECHNICAL SKILLS:  R(Skilled), MATLAB, Python, Java, LaTeX, C++, SQL, Java, Android, Swift; Objective-
C; HTML; XML; CSS; C;  Small Talk; Pro log Python, SPSS,  STATA, EXCEL, R programming, SAS, SQL 
RELEVANAT PROJECTS   
  
CAREER HISTORY   
   
Volunteer, Web designer                                                                                                 2021-2021   
Canal Pursuit    
Design a website for canal pursuit.   
 
Volunteer, Computer Tutor                                                                                            2019-2019 
 Employment center                                                                                                                    
   
Health Systems Monitor/Help Desk                                                                               2016-2017   
UNICEF  
 
                                                                                
   
   
   
Part-time Lecturer   
UTAMU  
   
   
   
2015-2016   
  
Taught IT undergraduate students research methods to support their abilities to carry out research.  
  
Taught Risk Management Control and principals of Information Technology too to both 
undergraduate and postgraduate students. 
 
Data Management Specialist/Website Manager                                                          2010-2014   
Management Science Of Health   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
Design surveys and questionnaires using SQL and Microsoft Access   
  
Analyzed data using STATA and R-Programming including data visualization   
  
Reported survey data and help improved service delivery in the health sector through the 
implementing NGO. 
  
Coordinated surveys for USAID funded NGO's.  
  
Managed a website using WordPress 
   
   
Monitoring and Evaluation/IT Manager                                                                         2009-2010  
ICOBI                                                        
   
   
  
Developed IT policies, trouble-shoot the network, designed key performance 
indicators, systems administration, databases, designed monitoring and evaluation 
plan and strategic plan   
  
Design of Data base using MS. Access, SQL, and Excel   
  
Design of Monitoring and Evaluation Plans and Data analysis   
  
Reported writing for funding and quarterly reports for end of activity   
  
Support supervision and coordination   
   
Assistant Lecturer   
Makerere University                                                                    
   
   
 2009                                                               
   
Taught research methods to computer science undergraduate students   
   
Taught Project Planning and management to postgraduate student 
   
Research Interests: Bayesian Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Mining, Statistical Computing, 
MonteCarlo Methods, Mathematical Research, Medical research, Algorithm Design,  
Project Management (Agile), Front End-Developer, Help Desk, Data Management, Biostatistics & 
Lecturing.   
   
AWARDS   
  
Fellowship Scholarship with School of Public Health and with funding from CDC                     2007   
Monitoring and Evaluation award from South Africa                                                                   2009   
                                                                      
EDUCATION  
  
Postgraduate Diploma in Data science                                                                                           2019-2020   
Emeritus Institute- Columbia University Department of Engineering   
   
                 
Masters in Statistics                                                                                                                            2004-2006                            
Postgraduate Diploma in Statistics                                                                                                  2000-2001  
B.Sc. in Mathematics, Computer Science and Statistics                                                               1996-1999  
   
NON RELATAED EMPLOYMENT HISTORY   
  
Customer Service /Cashier                        
Dollarama  
   
   
   
   
Toronto, ON      
   
   
 2018   
Cashier   
Daily Breeze Restaurant  
   
   
Toronto, ON      
   
   
 2018   
 
Cashier 
Rexall drug store 
  
Cashier instore and in post Canada 
Volunteer Math Tutor   
Dixon Hall Neighborhood  
                          Toronto, ON      
   
   
2018  
  
Language: French and English 
          

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
07756679073 
aglae12345@yahoo.com 
www.aglaedesign.weebly.com  
                                    
      
Enthusiastic recent graduate of Interior Design, currently 
studying marketing and looking for a new creative 
journey. Comfortable organising events, making wide 
varieties of bookings and handling office administration. 
 
Education 
  University of Edinburgh: 2023 - Current 
Future of Marketing  
 
  University of Edinburgh: 2022 - 2023  
Software Engineering Bootcamp  
 
  Hertfordshire University: 2020-2022 
Master's degree in arts and Interior Design  
(Postgraduate student representative) 
 
  Hertfordshire University: 2017-2020 
Architecture and Interior Design 
BA honours degree 
 
  Broward College (Florida, USA): 2014 
English Language Foundation 
Skills and Software 
  CAD Software: Vectorworks, 
Google SketchUp and 
Twinmotion 
 
  Graphics: Adobe Photoshop, 
DaVinci Resolve. 
 
  Programming: Python, 
Django, Windows Batch. 
 
  Office: Microsoft Word, 
Excel, Calendars, and Emails. 
Languages 
  Spanish: Mother's tongue 
  English: Fluent 
 
Aglae Rodriguez 
 Employment History 
Studio Assistant: Build A Rocket Boy  
October 2022 - Present 
Responsible for a wide range of functions within a busy game studio including event 
management, talent acquisition, interior design for new office spaces, events, and 
interviews. Frequently pitched, researched, and planned ideas and events to improve the 
office environment and employee satisfaction or engagement. 
 
Front Desk: Lloyds Bank Group 
April 2022 - October 2022 
Worked in a professional office environment. Assisted with event and interview room 
layouts. Assisted with budgeting, travel arrangements, scheduling meetings, greeting 
visitors, and writing emails.  
 
Operative: Newington Library COVID-19 NHS Testing Centre 
August 2021 - March 2022 
Worked in a high-pressure environment. Followed strict health and safety rules whilst 
delivering clear instructions and protocols for the tester's delivery. 
 
Kitchen Designer: Jonas and James Kitchens (The Range) 
November 2020 - December 2020 
Christmas temporary work in a busy kitchen design environment during the re-opening of 
the sales floor after the Covid-19 pandemic. Assisted with bathroom and wardrobe sales 
designs, created custom-fit spaces within the company's products and services, managing 
budget, design trends and requests from the clients. 
 

Rita Cardoso Nina
Student at King's College London
+351 936501065
rita.cardoso.nina@gmail.com
EDUCATION
King's College London, London— BSc Economics and
Management
September 2021 - Present (Expected graduation date: May 2024)
Relevant modules include Financial and Managerial Accounting, Econometrics,
Consumer Behavior and Strategic Management
CLIP - The Oporto International School, Porto — A-Levels
September 2019 - June 2021
Achieved an A*A*A in Portuguese, Economics & Mathematics
OPOMUN 2021, Delegate of Germany
 
Conducted extended research on Germany to develop a position on
topics including the increase in the authoritarian manifestations as a
result of the wrongdoing of democracy
 
Delivered formal and impromptu speeches to a large audience
VOLUNTEERING
Sumando Corazones, Porto— Co-Founder
September 2020 - June 2021
Supervised all the organization's operations, such as recruiting new members,
tracking the money raised on Excel, organizing fundraising events, including
t-shirt and bake sales and creating social media content to promote these.
Directed the money to the San Rafael Children's Hospital in Venezuela,
sponsoring 10 surgeries.
Clippers in Motion, Porto— Team Leader
September 2019 - June 2021
Managed a team of students across all ages, engaging in projects like the
elaboration of a weekly senior newsletter and solidarity walks.
WORK EXPERIENCE
SDV Portugal, Porto — Marketing Intern
October 2020 - November 2020
Used data analytic software to conduct market research, identifying possible
opportunities in light of the new teen collection the brand was looking to add
on.
Curated content across social media and the company's website to ensure a
cohesive brand identity.
SDV Polska, Warsaw — Trainee
June 2019 - July 2019
Assisted in the creation of a weekly report using Excel and Powerpoint to
highlight key performance data in a clear format.
Conducted an analysis of industry competitors by collecting information on
pricing, products oered and suppliers used.
SKILLS
Market Research
Social Media
Data Analysis
Content Creation
Stata (Good Notions)
Excel (Good Notions)
Word
Powerpoint
Leadership
Public Speaking
Diplomacy
Critical thinking
Teamwork
COURSES
Entrepreneurship in
Emerging Economies, EDX
by Harvard University
October 2020 - December 2020
Economics at Cambridge
Immerse, Cambridge
University
July 2019 - August 2019
Leadership at ISSOS, Yale
University
July 2018 - August 2018
LANGUAGES
English - C2
Portuguese - Native
Spanish - B2
French - A2

Saneet Nikharge
Working as a Junior Full Stack developer have knowledge in Python ,Node.js ,Express.js ,Machine Learning .I
am willing to learn new things and also willing to work in any stream
Belagum, India
saneet09@gmail.com
9663176968
https://github.com/saneet09
https://medium.com/@saneet09
BlueStream.io
Junior Full Stack
Developer
(September 15, 2021 - Present)
I have been working on
multiple projects using
languages like HTML,
CSS, Javascript, Node.js,
Mongodb ,Python . Some
of my projects I was
leading the backend side
and some of the projects
I was working with a team
member.
WideHub
Web Developer
(January 01, 2021 - August 31,
2021)
Making Digital vCard's
using HTML, CSS,
Bootstrap. We create the
animation-based vCard
as per the customers
need and generating
websites as per the
customers business or as
per customers needs
Maxgen Techonlogies
Junior Java Developer
(January 01, 2019 - November
20, 2019)
worked on projects on
java, hibernate worked
on the backend part of
the projects like handling
the functional aspects.
KLS Gogte Institute of
Technologies
BE, Computer Science
(March 20, 2014 - May 01,
2017)
KLS Vasantrao Potadar
Diploma, Computer
Science
(February 06, 2011 - March 20,
2014)
Question Answer (Deep
Learning, Python)
These type of problem
mainly work in search
engine where the correct
predicted or better the
predicted value more
chances of showing them
rst
Secure Communication
using Adhoc Networks in
Disaster scenario (Final
year project of B.E)
it is a network which
helps in communication
between nodes where
the cellular network
doesn't works. Developed
in JAVA.
My Adventure book
(Bluestream.io)
The project was to create
an app that loads
dynamic stories for the
user like the user feels he
is a part of the story
I have worked in creating
apis for the app . I have
worked on creating
avatars for the user I
have worked in creating
videos so that he can
download his own story
and play it oine
Node.js
JSON
Mongodb
Python
Machine Learning
OpenCV
HTML
CSS
Bootstrap
Deep Learning
React.js
English
Hindi
Marathi
Kannada
Innovative Project
.
The Final year BE project
was selected one
amongst the innovative
project
PG Diploma
Applied AI course
The course provided work
in real time ML projects
and also worked on the a
project by my own
Deep Learning Model for
Question Answer data-
set
Medium
These kind of problem is
used mainly used in
search engine or chat
bot.In search engine
where the correct
predicted or better the
predicted value more
chances of showing them
rst
Sentiment
Analysis:Concept and
Implementation
Medium
Sentimental Analysis is
process of the detecting
the type of text(positive,
negative),detecting the
feeling of the person
through it text(Angry,
Fine,
Happy,Joyful),detecting
the subject out of the
text.
WORK EXPERIENCE
EDUCATION
PROJECTS
SKILLS
LANGUAGES
.
.
.
.
AWARDS
CERTIFICATIONS
PUBLICATIONS

SANIDHYA JIWANAPURKAR
UI/UX DESIGNER
PROFILE
I bring an engineering perspective with three year of  
experience in creative problem solving approach to  
create products and build that people love.Currently 
working on multiple projects and looking to extra  
out of the ordinary design into new fields with more 
user interactivity.
" Design is intelligence made visible "
WHY UI/UX?
Working in UI/UX is highly satisfying as I am building 
value to business as well as people lives, that makes 
me good problem solver with pinch of creative 
thoughts.
UI/UX Designer (VAST)  
2021 - Present
Currently working at 'VAST', as ui/ux designer 
on their internal products as well as clients 
projects in the organization.
(May 2021 -  )
Jr. UI/UX Designer (Halcyonminds)  
2020 - 2021
Worked for 6 months in the organization 
and created an inventory management 
module for their existing project that is 
"Thankucash"
(Dec 2020 - May 2021)
UI/UX Designer (Metacognition)  
2020 - 2020
Worked from May 2020 to November 2020 
in the organization on contract basis and 
completed the ui/ux design of their only  
product successfully.
(Jun 2020 - Dec 2020)
Intern at (Adnate IT LLP)
2019 - 2019
Worked as web designer on leave  
management system
(Jun 2019 - July 2019)
WORK EXPERIENCE
EDUCATION
2016 - 2020
Bachelor's of engineering 
in Information Technology 
Nagpur University
2014 - 2016
12th from State board 
with 58%
2014
10th from State board 
with 88%
ABILITIES
Wireframing
Prototyping
Typography
UX
User Research
Logo Designing
Color Theory
SOFTWARE SKILLS
Adobe XD
Adobe Illustrator
Adobe Photoshop
Miro
Figma
CERTIFICATIONS
Completed a course named 'Design  
Thinking for user experience' which is  
undertaken by renowned institute "IIT Delhi" in  
2023. 
PROJECTS
Aspenify
Interactive Business Playbook powered Digital  
(Current) Application Platform(Enterprise level 
project)
(Current)
Inventory  
System
Inventory management system within POS  
application.Also worked on Parent project 
"Thankucash" which is a multi-merchant  
loyalty and cashback platform 
(2020 - 2021)
Aura
Aura is a secure SAAS application which enables  
secure and controlled access to regulation  
complaints, structured document authoring for  
medical and scientific document
(2020)
CONNECT
sanidhyajiwan@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ 
sanidhya-jiwanapurkar-91369918b/
8999760668
Successfully completed "Advance Fundamentals  
of UI/UX " course from Coursera.
Successfully completed UI/UX design course  
from Udemy.

Contact
Phone : +91 7977542385
Location : Mumbai, India
Email ID : shreybihani13@gmail.com |
shrey.bihani@leaner.manipal.edu
LinkedIn : in.linkedin.com/in/shrey-
bihani-9604b7234
Github:  https://github.com/sb369
Shrey Bihani
B.Tech in Electronics and Communication
Highly Motivated B.Tech in ECE student on the verge of graduation. I am
deeply passionate about Machine Learning and its application in the real
world. My other interests lies in the fields of Finance, Technology and
Automation. My core competencies include critical thinking, decision making
and analytical reasoning. Seeking opportunities that will help me embark on a
career to make a tangible impact.
Education 
BTech in Electronics and Communication Engineering | CGPA: 8.64 
Manipal Institute of Technology | 2023
Experience
Myelin Foundry (AI/ML Product Intern)       [JUNE 2022 - AUG 2022]  
- Music genre and language categorization on android.
- Defect detection using computer vision for aircraft components
  on FPI images (Fluorescent penetrant inspection).
Areas of Interest
Quantitative Finance 
Machine Learning
Software Development
Samsung PRISM (Project Intern)                      [FEB 2022 - MAY 2022]
- Efficient multi camera positioning using deep learning.
- Applying computer vision and depth recognition for top view from
  depth map to maximize camera coverage.
Project MANAS (AI Member)                            [APR 2021 - MAY2022]
- Autonomous Valet Parking Algorithm (Tested on Mahindra car).
- Driver's Attention using Deep learning.
Reliance Jio (Data Science Intern)                   [JUL 2021 - SEPT 2021]
- Statistical modelling of IPL (Cricket) data.
- Performed Descriptive and Predictive analysis to derive relation
  for player pressure and performance based on match situation.
- Used pandas library to handle and clean datasets.
Technical Skills
Programming  
Python [Numpy | Pandas | Keras |
Tensorflow | Matplotlib | openCV],
C, C++, C#, SQL, R, Java, HTML,
CSS
Machine Learning / Statistics 
Regression analysis, Decision Trees,
Classification, SVM, Clustering, KNN,
Neural Networks, Deep Learning [CNN
| RNN | GAN] 
Others
Git, MS Office, Angular, .NET,
Matlab, Linux, Google Cloud, ROS,
Point Cloud
Languages
English
Hindi
30 Days of Google Cloud Project                                          [OCT 2020]
- Worked on GCP to build and deploy ML models on kubernetes.
- Learnt basics of Google Cloud Platform and Cloud Management.
Fastenal India (Software Developer Intern)   [JAN 2023 - MAY 2023]
- Learnt and built a full stack hotel booking web application using  
  Angular for frontend, .NET 6 in backend for creating API services
  and MS SQL for database.
Projects
Path Planner
- Built a global planner for a non-holonomic robot in C++
Hotel Booking
- Full Stack Hotel booking web app using angular, .NET and SQL
Lane Detection
- Identifying Lane Lines on road for a self-driving car using openCV
Sudoku Solver
- Solve the sudoku puzzle by simply scanning an image using openCV

R a m s h a  Z a h i d
+91 9654428718
ryanaryme05@gmail.com
C o n t a c t
MA English (Hons)               2016-2018
M.A. in Sociology                 2013- 2015 
B.A. (H) English                   2010-2013 
Class XII                                   2010 
Class X                                    2008 
     Jamia Millia University
    Ambedkar University Delhi
     Kirorimal College, Delhi University
     Presentation Convent Sr. Sec. School
     Presentation Convent Sr. Sec. School 
Educational Qualification
S k i l l s
Content Development 
Corporate Communications
Brand Management
Internal & External
Communications 
Marketing Communications 
Canva Designing
Microsoft Office
CMS
Social Media
Decision Making
Data Analysis
Time Management
Microsoft Office
Team Management 
W o r k  E x p e r i e n c e
Ikokas
June 2022 - September 22 
Sr. Executive, , Marketing & Brand
Communications
Planned and executed Social media campaigns and calendars.
Worked on website content for clients.
Strategized to increase performance on LinkedIn and other
social media platforms. 
Developed research based and SEO compatible website
content (blogs) for target audience for Ikokas and its sister
company Vector3.
Copywriting & web content writing : in-house and clients.
Moglix
January 2022- April 2022
Deputy Manager, Enterprise Marketing
Drove social media campaigns. . 
Managed 3 separate LinkedIn pages, including 1 fintech related. 
Connected with internal stakeholders for various marketing
initiatives. . 
Performed quality check for social media content.
Analyzed social media accounts performance on a weekly and
monthly basis
S u m m a r y
Highly seasoned and dedicated Corporate and Marketing
Communications Specialist. Adept at facilitating clear and
transparent communication between all levels of company
staff. Able to work well independently or in coordination
with a professional communications team.
Spire Research and Consulting
October 2020 till January 2022
Executive, Marketing Communications
Managed public relations.
Fostered the new website launch. 
Drove Google Ads Campaigns and social media accounts. 
Developed brand marketing projects.
Designed internal and external communications collateral for
webinars, internal and external communications.
Core contributer for leadership and employee branding
campaigns.
Spire Research and Consulting
November 2018 till September 2020
Assistant Executive, Marketing
Communications
Enabled execution of communication strategies. 
Created and published media and event coverages on the
website.
Facilitated digital marketing strategies.
Developed social media marketing strategies.
Monitored Google Ads and social media campaigns. 
Analyzed  and compiled reports on website and campaigns
performance through utilizing Google Analytics and more
tools.
Designed marketing collaterals and posters using Canva 
Point of contact for everything related to website
management, from payments to maintanence..
English
Hindi
Learning Korean and Bahasa
Indonesia 
L a n g u a g e s  k n o w n
R e f e r e n c e s
Provided upon request.

PARUL YADAV
Galgotias College of Engineering and Technology
 +91-7054246278
 parul8yadav8@gmail.com
 Lucknow - India
 LinkedIn
 GitHub
EDUCATION
B.Tech. (ECE) - 8.2 CGPA
Galgotias College of Engineering and Tech-
nology
 July 2015 - July 2019
Higher Secondary - 89.80%
Central Board of Secondary Education
 2014
Secondary - 10 CGPA
Central Board of Secondary Education
 2012
PROJECTS
Netﬂix Clone
  Built a clone of Netﬂix website using React.JS
as a Front-end Firebase as Back-end. Inte-
grated TMDB API key to list down the movies.
Created Trailer pop-ups, integrated with You
Tube Trailer API key.
  Tech Stack - ReactJs, Firebase
Pmail
  Pmail is the email exchanging website. It's a
cloned version of Gmail with my own design
touch, It supports login through Google Ac-
count, and has compose message feature.
  Tech Stack - ReactJs, Firebase
SmaCOM
  SmaCOM-Smart Contact Manager is the desk-
top web application that simply allows one to
quickly add contact details, eﬀortlessly orga-
nize them by contactId just like a real folder,
and search them away for ease of retrieval
whenever needed. Users, in SmaCOM, can
sign up and log in to their accounts and have
access to diﬀerent features such as adding
new contacts, can view previously added con-
tacts, and can also update them.
  Tech Stack - Java, SpringBoot, JPA, Thymeleaf,
MYSQL
Spam Classiﬁer
  Built a Spam Classiﬁer Model using the Naive
Bayes algorithm which predicts whether the
message is spam or not.
  Tech Stack - Python
Movie Recommender System
  I have made a content-based Movie Recom-
mender System using the concept of cosine
similarity.
  Tech Stack - Python
EXPERIENCE
Assistant Systems Engineer
Tata Consultancy Services
 Jan 2020 - May 2021
 Gandhinagar,India
  Worked as a Full Stack Developer(Java, Hibernate and Jsp-
Servlet) to develop new features in the existing system and
solve production issues. Involved in the back-end as well as
front-end development of web applications.
  Part of the TCS PSU-International project, Worked on two dif-
ferent portals for Scotland Government YoungScot and NEC-
online, also worked as a shared resource with DGFT Team.
  Responsible for developing Refund Screens in PFML Project
(Paid Family and Medical Leave- US Govt based policy). Devel-
oped and Integrated REST APIs for Refund module.
  Used SonarQube to maintain code Quality and bug resolution.
ACHIEVEMENTS
  Achieved 5 stars on HackerRank in Python
  Achieved 5 stars on HackerRank in Problem Solving
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages
  Java
  Python
Frameworks Libraries
  Springboot
  Hibernate
  jQuery
  HTML5 CSS
  ReactJS
  JSPs
Database
  MySQL
Tools
  Postman
  Git, Github
  Firebase
  SonarQube
CERTIFICATIONS
  SQL(Advanced)-HackerRank Link
  Python-HackerRank Link

SKILLS
Photoshop
Illustrator
Figma
Xd
LANGUAGE
English
Hindi
Marathi
2017 - 2021
Bachelor's In Design
MIT-ADT University
2014 - 2016
High School
Stepping Stones High School
EDUCATION
REFERENCE
Senior Designer
Anushka Salian
Foryoungindia
Founder 
Gaurav Jain
Jagana Design
EXPERIENCE
Junior UI/UX Designer  I  2022 - Present
FYI - Foryoungindia, Mumbai
I am working with FYI since past 6 months, having a 
great exposure towards cooperate as well as personal 
clients. Working for categories from Art to Sports to 
brands like Ultratech Cement.
Junior Designer  I  8th Jan - 8th June 2021
Jagana Design, Pune
Re-designing of products for website, including 
ideation,3D Modelling,Rendering etc.
UX Research.
UI/ Graphics for website.
PROFILE
An experienced Industrial Designer with a strong interest in 
research and creative thinking that requires both 
conceptual and analytical thinking. Always eager to learn 
more tricks from anyone - regardless of the industry 
they're working in. Calm and ambitious.
+91-7447722999
aayushimutha11@gmail.com
Andheri W, Mumbai
AYUSHI MUTHA
UI & UX DESIGNER

Dip Sidpara
Email : sidip333@gmail.com
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/dip-sidpara-697855159/
Mobile : 9662076787 / 9328050867
Github: https://github.com/dip333
Education
  Dharmsinh Desai University
Nadiad, Gujarat
Bachelor of Technology (IT); CPI: 7.78
Jul 2017 - May 2021
  Krishna Science School
Rajkot, Gujarat
Higher Education; Percentage: 91.5
Jun 2015 - Mar 2017
Skills Summary
  Languages: Python, C++, Java
  Framework and Technologies: Django, Spark, Kafka, Hive, HDFS
  Databases: MongoDB, SQL
  Tools: GIT, JIRA, PyCharm
Experience
  Predis.ai
Pune, Maharashtra
Software Developer
Aug 2022 - Current
◦ Back-End Development: (Django, MongoDB, AWS)
  Closely worked with co-founders to Implement the Back-end and Logic behind new features.
  Improved product efficiency by reducing time of AI content generation process from 60 sec to 15 sec.
  Integrated Linkedin, Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, Twitter, Google Business, Pinterest for scheduling and publishing AI
generated Post.
◦ Data Analysis: (Pandas, Numpy, MongoCharts)
  Performed Data analysis in day-to-day activity to improve the weak part of the product.
  Experienced in creating and interpreting visualizations and dashboards to extract valuable insights.
◦ Marketing:
  In addition to Technical aspects, has made contributions in marketing, to gain a good number of users.
  Also, Got good understanding of SEO, Email marketing, Ad marketing and Influencer marketing.
  Tata Consultancy Services
Pune, Maharashtra
System Engineer
Jun 2021 - Oct 2022
◦ Real-Time Data Streaming Project: (PySpark, Kafka, Hive, HDFS)
  Performed end-to-end process to convert the Batch-Processed Data (Transactional data) into Real-Time Streaming
using Python, Spark, Kafka, Hive and HDFS.
  As per Stakeholder's technical requirements, Developed configuration, scripts and packages for different countries and
different sources.
  Additionally, Responsible for creating Solace and Kafka topics and Queues, Ni-Fi Loading, NFR/PT templates etc.
  Performed end-to-end process to convert the Batch-Processed Data (Solved the problems identified by the testing team or
referred them to the appropriate personnel for correction.
  Turabit Solutions Pvt. Ltd
Ahmedabad, Gujarat
AI Intern (Python)
Dec 2020 - May 2021
◦ Task automation using Image detection: (OpenCV, PyAutoGUI)
◦ Generalize Web Scraping: (BeautifulSoup, Selenium)
Academic Projects
  Text Extraction From Image: (Python, OCRSpace, OpenCV)
◦ This tool is used to extract the text from the image. Initially, In the Pre-processing stage of the tool it's improving the
image quality, After that in the Processing stage it's performing text detection/text localization and text binarization, In final
Post-Processing stage it's performing segmentation and parsing and after that It'll print text.
◦ Also, This is supporting around 20 languages to detect the text available on the image and is also implemented in a chatbot.
  NLP to SQL Tool: (Python, NLTK)
◦ This is an NLP tool to query a database in natural language. The tool takes speech as an input using Python Speech
Recognition, after that it will convert it to a sentence and returns a well-structured SQL query as output using NLTK
library.
◦ Before printing the final Query, the Sentence is processed through different stages like, Tokenization, Escape word remover,
Analyze the tagged tokens and map it to table names and attributes, Filter redundancy and ambiguity check, etc.

NEHA BARANWAL
Ph.D (Human-Robot Interaction), Post-doc (Robot-Robot Collaboration)
 baranwal.neha24@gmail.com
 +919721397457
 Hyderabad, India
 https://scholar.google.co.in/citations?user=MBgGDPYAAAAJhl=en
 https://github.com/Neha-Baranwal
EXPERIENCE
Senior AI Researcher
Kaliber Labs, India
 February 2022 - Ongoing
 Hyderabad, India
Kaliber labs is a U.S. based startup that deals in U.S. healthcare sys-
tems. Here I am working as a senior ai researcher where my work is
to design the architecture of the project and assure its delivery.
  To hire more people into the team. Work allocation, monitoring
client deliveries, and identifying the gaps in the current process
ﬂow to propose machine learning solutions.
  Out of body segment classiﬁcation in surgery videos: Given the
endoscopy surgery videos, the task is to classify body segments
that are not part of the body using vgg-16 and ResNet-50. Here
we also applied diﬀerent augmentation techniques scaling rota-
tion etc.
  Scene change detection: Given the endoscopy video we try to
ﬁnd out where there is a change on the basis of anatomy and
tool. In this, we combined tool, anatomy and bad frame model to
get the proper results.
  Pathology Segmentation: Given the endoscopy video we look for
the pathology part and segment it. We used MaskRCNN, U-Net
model to get the proper segmentation.
ML/DS thesis supervisor
UpGrad, India
 January 2021 - Ongoing
 Part-Time
Upgrad is an education learning platform. It provides various courses
such as MBA, MS, Deploma etc. in ML/DS/AI.
  Supervising students in their master thesis.
Mentor
Great Learning, India
 January 2022 - Ongoing
 Part-Time
Great Learning is an educational learning platform. It provides vari-
ous courses such as MBA, MS, diploma, etc. in ML/DS/AI.
  Mentoring students in their projects.
  Taking sessions related to projects.
Senior Researcher
Montpellier University, France
 Nov 2020 - December 2021
 Montpellier, France
I am associated with the electronics lab (LIRMM) and worked on
seatizen project. As a part of the project, I worked on the classiﬁca-
tion of marine species and checked the health of the sea.
EDUCATION
Ph.D. in Human-Robot Interaction
Indian Institute of Information Technology,
Allahabad, India
 Nov2011 - Feb2017  CGPI: 9.0
Thesis title: On eﬀective human-robot inter-
action using multimodel techniques.
M.Tech. in Computer Science
KIIT University, Bhubaneswar, India
 Jul2009 - Jun2011
 CGPI: 8.89
Thesis title: Spread spectrum based audio
watermarking techniques.
M.Sc. in Computer Science
Allahabad University, Allahabad, India
 Jul2007 - Jun2009
 Per: 68%
COURSE WORK
Soft Computing
Image Processing
Robotics & Industrial Automation
Computer Vision
Pattern Recognition
Research Methodology
SKILLS
Machine Learning
         
Computer Vision
         
Deep Leaning
         
Natural Language Processing
         
Git
         
Jira
         
Slack
         
Docker
         
  Marine species classiﬁcation: Given the RGB images and their
meta data we classiﬁed marine species such as sea grass, sea cu-
cumber, ﬁsh, turtle etc. using ResNet-50, DensNet.
  Deep learning optimization: Given the deep learning algorithm
we optimized inferencing upto the level where it can be used in
microelectronic devices.
Associate Solution Leader
Brane Enterprises LLP
 April 2020 - Oct 2020
 Hyderabad
Brane is a private Indian startup that deals in AI and Robotics prod-
ucts, As a leader my responsibilities were:
  To hire more people into the team. Work allocation, monitoring
client deliveries, and identifying the gaps in the current process
ﬂow to propose machine learning solutions.
  To design the architecture of machine learning solutions.
  We had developed a no-code platform that helps user to load
the training population, conﬁgure the hyper parameters and then
allow training and deploy the model without writing a single line
of code. Here we used LSTM, graph neural network to make the
complete eco system.
Postdoctoral Researcher
Umea University, Sweden
 November, 2017 - Jan, 2020
 Umea, Sweden
During the postdoc, I worked on humanoid robots. We train them
to assist humans in the household scenarios.
  We designed a dialogue based human robot interaction system
that allows humans, to talk to the robot.
  A dialogue generation system is added to translate robot's action
into the natural language so that they would be understandable.
Associate Process Manager
eClerx Services Limited
 April, 2016 - August, 2017
 Navi-Mumbai, India
eClerx is an Indian IT consulting and outsourcing multinational
company. I worked there as a full stack developer and my job was
to design and develop NLP, ML solutions. Here i used word2vec,
globe, Spacy parcer, Baye's network, SVM. We used image prepro-
cessing to improve OCR (tresseract, google) accuracy, further to
integrate these solutions with RPA system. I have supervised junior
members of the team.
RESEARCH PROJECTS
Fusion of gesture and speech for increased accuracy in
human robot interaction
Umea University, Sweden
An approach for decision-level fusion for gesture and speech based
human-robot interaction (HRI) is proposed. A rule-based method is
compared with several machine learning approaches. Gestures and
speech signals are initially classiﬁed using hidden Markov models,
reaching accuracies of 89.6 percent and 84 percent respectively. The
rule-based approach reached 91.6 percent while SVM, which was the
Headless servers
         
MOST PROUD OF

Seatizen Project (2020-2025)
Selected for the Post-Doc position on
health monitoring of underwater sea
species at LIRMM Montpellier, France.

Postdoc funding from Kemphe Foun-
dations, Sweden
Received 2.5 years of research fund-
ing to pursue my postdoctoral work
in Human-Robot Interaction at Umea
University, Sweden.

Spot Award for project negative news
analysis
Selected for spot award at eClerx, In-
dia.

DST travel grant, India
Selected for DST travel grant for at-
tending 35th IEEE TENCON 2015 con-
ference held in Macao, china, 1-4 Nov.
2015 at IIITA, India.

Best paper award
My publication got selected for best
paper award in 3rd IEEE International
Conference on Advances in Comput-
ing, Communications, and Informatics
(ICACCI 2014) at IIITA, India.
 MHRD, India PH.D Fellowship
Selected for the Ph.D under the
robotics and AI lab, IIITA
PROGRAMMING SKILLS
Python
         
MATLAB
         
INVITED TALKS
An Empirical Review of Calibration
Techniques for the Pepper Humanoid
Robot's RGB and Depth Camera
Intelligent Systems and Applications.
 5th Sept 2019
 London, England
Occasion: Presented conference paper in
IntelliSys 2019.
Fusion of Gesture and Speech for In-
creased Accuracy in Human Robot
Interaction
best of all evaluated machine learning algorithms, reached an accu-
racy of 98.2 percent on the test data. A complete framework is de-
ployed in real time humanoid robot (NAO) which proves the eﬃcacy
of the system.
Techniques: Multi-Layer Perceptron, CNN, DWT
Platform: Python, Choregraphe, TensorFlow.
Understandable Collaborating Robot Teams
Umea University, Sweden
We investigate understandability for teams of robots collaborating to
solve a common task. We present a novel and ﬂexible solution based
on Cooperating Distributed Grammar Systems and a multi-agent al-
gorithm for coordination of actions. The solution is implemented and
evaluated on three Pepper robots collaborating to solve a task while
commenting on their own and other robots' current and planned ac-
tions.
Techniques: Cooperating Distributed Grammar System, Multi-
Agent System, Natural Language Generation.
Platform: Python, Choregraphe.
Development of a framework for human-robot interac-
tions with Indian sign language using possibility theory
IIIT, Allahabad, India
This paper demonstrates the capability of NAO humanoid robot to
interact with hearing impaired persons using Indian Sign Language
(ISL). Principal contributions of the paper are: wavelet descriptor has
been applied to extracting moment invariant shape future of hand
gestures and possibility theory (PT) has been used for classiﬁcation of
gestures. Preprocessing and extraction of overlapping frames (start
and end point of each gesture) are the other major events which have
been solved using background modeling and novel gradient method.
We have shown that the overlapping frames are helpful for fragment-
ing a continuous ISL gesture into isolated gestures. These isolated
gestures are further processed and classiﬁed. During the segmenta-
tion process some of the geometrical features like shape and orien-
tation of hand are deformed, which has been overcome by extracting
a new moment invariant feature through wavelet descriptor. These
features are then combined with the other two features (orienta-
tion and speed) and are classiﬁed using PT. Here we use PT in place
of probability theory because possibility deals with the problem of
uncertainty and impression whereas probability handles only uncer-
tainty issues. Experiments have been performed on 20 sentences of
continuous ISL gestures having 4000 samples where each sentence
having 20 instances. In this dataset 50
Techniques: Possibility Theory, Nao Speech Engine, HMM.
Platform: Matlab, Choregraphe, NAOqi.
INDUSTRIAL PROJECTS
Out of body segment classiﬁcation
Kaliber Labs
We designed an algorithm that would classify out-of-body segments
from endoscopy videos. We applied ResNet-50 and CNN+LSTM to
classify images. Total 50000 images was used where 60 percent is
used for training and 30 percent was used for validation and 10 per-
cent was used for testing. Window based smoothing was used as
postprocessing to get a better result. To handle the datadrift prob-
lem we trained the model using semi supervised learning approach.
25th International Conference on Methods
and Models in Automation and Robotics
 24th Aug 2019
 Międzyzdroje, Poland
Occasion: Presented conference paper in
MMAR 2019.
Deep Learning
3-Day workshop at LIRMM, Montpellier
University, France
 22nd July-24 July 2021
 Montpellier, France
Occasion: Organized 3-day workshop on
deep learning.
Understandable human-robot inter-
action
Computing science department, Umea Uni-
versity
 18th June 2019
 Umea, Sweden
Occasion: Poster presentation in 31st Swedish
AI Society Workshop.
Robotic Manipulator and sketch draw-
ing
WASP-Wallenberg Foundation
 11th April 2018
 Stockholm, Sweden
Occasion: Presented live demo in AI4X- Col-
lecting Ideas and Identifying Challenges for
Future AI Research in Sweden.
Robotics
Department of Electronics and CSE SUIIT,
Sambalpur University, Burla, Odisha, India
 30th April 2021
 Sambalpur, India
Occasion: Delivered talk in International
workshop on recent advancements in elec-
tronica and computer advancement.
Deep Learning
LIRMM, Montpellier University, France
 28th June 2021
 Montpellier, France
Occasion: Delivered talk at MIC DAY orga-
nized by Microelectronics department.
Artiﬁcial Intelligence and the Future
of Robotics
Centre for Artiﬁcial Intelligence, Banasthali
University, Rajasthan, India
 22nd March 2021
 Rajasthan, India
Occasion: Delivered talk at Faculty Develop-
ment Programme on Artiﬁcial Intelligence,
Robotics, and Automation.
Techniques: Vgg-16, ResNet-50, CNN+LSTM
Platform: Python, TensorFlow, Keras.
Scene change detection
Kaliber Labs
We are given an endoscopy videos, our task is to identify changes on
the basis of tool and anatomy. Here we used 4 models (Inside/outside,
good/bad, anatomy and tool) clubbed together and get the ﬁnal out-
put which we saved in csv ﬁle where each column represents the
results of one algorithm. Distance based method is used to identify
changes presents in csv ﬁle. Smoothing is also used to remove out-
liers.
Techniques: Transfer Learning, MASKRCNN, U-Net
Platform: Python, TensorFlow, Keras.
Email Classiﬁcation
Credit Suisse International
A classiﬁcation system requires two things, features which can rep-
resent the sample in the feature space (vector form) and classiﬁer
who will classify these feature to their respective classes. We have
used bag of words, nGram, and TF-IDF to deﬁne the features while
Linear, Naïve Bayes, Support Vector Machines are used to classify
these emails to one of the deﬁned classes. Since email signatures,
Images etc. are not required in email classiﬁcation. A separate pre-
processing module is written for email cleansing.
Techniques: TD-IDF, Bayes (Multinomial, Unigram), Linear Classi-
ﬁer, SVM.
Platform: Python, Scikit, Numpy, Beautifulsoup, NLTK, SQL.
Negative News Scanning
eClerx Services
We need to ﬁnd the relative information about the person/organization
from the given sources(websites) and then estimate that the extract
information is positive or negative. Here the term negative symbol-
izes that the entity is involved in money laundering or any illegal ac-
tivity in the past. We used web scrapping to download the informa-
tion and then applied anaphora resolution to identify the sentences
related to the entity. Later we used sentiment analysis over the col-
lected samples.
Techniques: TD-IDF, nGram (unigram, bigram, trigram), Logistic Re-
gression, SVM.
Platform: Python, Scikit, Numpy, Beautifulsoup, NLTK.
Intent Classiﬁcation
Brane enterprises LLP
Intent Detection and Slot Filling is the task of interpreting user com-
mands/queries by extracting the intent and the relevant slots. HR
dataset was considered. The slots are labeled in the BIO (Inside Out-
side Beginning) format (similar to NER). Encoding was extracted us-
ing Bert then these encodings was fed into LSTM model to get the
intent and slot.
Techniques: Bert, LSTM.
Platform: Python, Tensorﬂow, Keras.
SELECTED PUBLICATIONS
 Journal Articles
Possibility Theory based Continuous
Indian Sign Language Gesture Recog-
nition
TENCON a premier international technical
conference of IEEE Region 10
 1st Nov 2015
 Macau, China
Occasion: Presented conference paper in
TENCON 2015.
CERTIFICATIONS
Social network analysis (SNAW'12)
Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata, India
 27 June - 28 June 2012
Occasion: National workshop organized by
Center for Soft Computing Research.
Computing Techniques and Applica-
tions
Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi, India
 1 July - 7 July 2012
Occasion: National workshop cum training
program organized by Mathematics Depart-
ment.
Machine Learning
Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur, India
 1 July - 3 July 2013
Occasion: 1st Indian Workshop organized by
computer science department.
Image Processing, Computer Vision
and Pattern Recognition
National Institute of Technology Delhi, India
 18th June - 22 June 2013
Occasion: Faculty Development Program
organized by computer science department.
PDE Modeling and Computation
Indian Institute of Technology Madras, India
 21 Oct - 25 Oct 2013
Occasion: DAAD Supported International
Workshop organized by Department of Math-
ematics.
ACADEMIC SERVICES
  Organizing committee member of “SERB
sponsored 1st summer school on robotics”,
organized by IIIT Allahabad.
  Served as a Publicity Chair in Second In-
ternational Symposium on Women in
Computing and Informatics (WCI-2014).
  Singh, Avinash Kumar, Neha Baranwal, Kai-Florian Richter, Thomas
Hellström, et al. (2020b). “Verbal explanations by collaborating
robot teams”. In: Paladyn, Journal of Behavioral Robotics 12.1,
pp. 47-57.
  Baranwal, Neha and Gora Chand Nandi (2017a). “A mathematical
framework for possibility theory-based hidden Markov model”.
In: International Journal of Bio-Inspired Computation 10.4, pp. 239-
247.
  - (2017b). “An eﬃcient gesture based humanoid learning using
wavelet descriptor and MFCC techniques”. In: International Jour-
nal of Machine Learning and Cybernetics 8.4, pp. 1369-1388.
  Baranwal, Neha, Gora Chand Nandi, and Avinash Kumar Singh
(2017). “Real Time Gesture Based Communication Using Possi-
bility Theory Based Hidden Markov Model”. In: Computational
Intelligence 33.4, pp. 843-862.
  Baranwal, Neha, Avinash Kumar Singh, and Gora Chand Nandi
(2017). “Development of a Framework for Human-Robot inter-
actions with Indian Sign Language Using Possibility Theory”. In:
International Journal of Social Robotics 9.4, pp. 563-574.
  Baranwal, Neha, Shweta Tripathi, and Gora Chand Nandi (2014).
“A speaker invariant speech recognition technique using HFCC
features in isolated Hindi words”. In: International Journal of Com-
putational Intelligence Studies 3.4, pp. 277-291.
 Conference Proceedings
  Singh, Avinash Kumar, Neha Baranwal, and Kai-Florian Richter
(2020). “A Fuzzy Inference System for a Visually Grounded Robot
State of Mind”. In: Proceedings of the Europian conference on ar-
tiﬁcal intelligence, (ECAI 2020), Santiago de Compostela, Spain, 29
Aug-2 Sept 2020. Spain: ECAI2020.
  Singh, Avinash Kumar, Neha Baranwal, Kai-Florian Richter, Thomas
Hellström, et al. (2020a). “Understandable collaborating robot
teams”. In: International Conference on Practical Applications of
Agents and Multi-Agent Systems. Springer, pp. 168-178.
  Baranwal, Neha, Avinash Kumar Singh, and Suna Bench (2019).
“Extracting primary objects and spatial relations from sentences”.
In: 11th International Conference on Agents and Artiﬁcial Intelli-
gence, Prague, Czech Republic, 19-21 February 2019.
  Baranwal, Neha, Avinash Kumar Singh, and Thomas Hellström
(2019). “Fusion of gesture and speech for increased accuracy in
human robot interaction”. In: 2019 24th International Conference
on Methods and Models in Automation and Robotics (MMAR). IEEE,
pp. 139-144.
  Baranwal, Neha, Kumud Tripathi, and GC Nandi (2015). “Possibil-
ity theory based continuous Indian Sign Language gesture recog-
nition”. In: TENCON 2015-2015 IEEE Region 10 Conference. IEEE,
pp. 1-5.
  Baranwal, Neha, Neha Singh, and GC Nandi (2014). “Indian sign
language gesture recognition using discrete wavelet packet trans-
form”. In: 2014 International Conference on Signal Propagation and
Computer Technology (ICSPCT 2014). IEEE, pp. 573-577.
  IEEE Professional Student Member.
LANGUAGES
Hindi
         
English
         
French
         
Swedish
         
REFERENCES
Prof. G C Nandi
 Indian Institute of Information Technol-
ogy, Allahabad, India
 gcnandi@iiita.ac.in
Prof. Thomas Hellström
 Umeå universitet
 thomas.hellstrom@umu.se
Declaration
I hereby declare that the above mentioned particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date:
Place:
Neha Baranwal

Ankan Pal
+919735253735 | ankanpalcse19a@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/ankanpal | github.com/ankan1811
Education
Institute of Engineering and Management
Kolkata, India
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science, Secured an aggregate of 9.51 CGPA
Aug. 2019 - July 2023 (Expected)
Experience
Kylo Apps
June 2022 - Aug 2022
Software Development Engineer Intern
Remote
  Worked on the backend of a doctor consultation app which allows the patients to book slots for online doctor
consultations, provides ambulance services for hospitals and and pharmacy to buy pharmaceutical drugs.
  Integrated Google calendar API using oauth2.0 protocol to enable online slot bookings and designed and
developed various features by backend APIs using NodeJS,thereby increasing monthly user visits by 20 percent
  End to end product development and deployment after implementing Rate Limiting functionality to the
server to support 100+requests/second ,which also helps to prevent DoS attacks and web scraping.
Daphnis Labs
Feb 2022 - March 2022
Software Developer Intern
Remote
  Worked on the backend of an agro trading web application where the buyer can submit their enquiry about a
product,seller can participate in the negotiation process over a 120 minute time frame before the buyer places
the order by designing and developing backend systems and APIs making it a lot more scalable.
  Integrated Razorpay payment gateway from scratch which had a direct impact on the first 10k users enabling
a very smooth transaction experience between buyer and seller.
Projects
FireFlash
| React, Node.js, MongoDB, Express.js
Nov 2020 - Dec 2020
  A full stack web application consisting of all major functions of a social media similar to Instagram.
  It also includes user authentication which is implemented using JSON web token.
Realtime Chat Application
| React, Node.js, Socket.io
Dec 2020 - Jan 2021
  A Chat application in which users can enter into any room of their choice and chat with the other room members
realtime.
  It also shows the online visibility of every user. Socket.io module was used for instantaneous bi-directional
data transfer.
Achievements
  Stood 300th out of 35000 in Codechef October Long Challenge
  Solved 700+ problems on Data Structures and Algorithms at Leetcode
  Got a rank of 55 out of 10000 in IEMCO Coding Olympiad.
  Got a rank of 78 out of 6000 in Local Hack Day Share , an MLH hackathon.
Skills
  Data Structures and Algorithms (Programming Languages) : C,C++ and Java
  Web development : React.js, Node.js, JavaScript, MongoDB, CSS, HTML
  Developer Tools and Technologies : Github,Firebase,Git,VsCode,Eclipse
  Computer Science Fundamentals : Operating System , Database Management System , OOPs
Position of responsibilty
  Codechef IEMK Chapter : Core Committee Member. I have solved various questions of Competitive Coding
  EddieHub : Core Team Member of a community which promotes open source contributions.

YOGANATHAN A, B.E., 
(Mechanical Engineering) 
247 Bamparapattiyanoor, 
Pottiyapuram, omalur, 
Salem-636309. 
yoganathan781@gmail.com 
+91 9994113161 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
To solve problems in a creative and effective manner in a challenging position. 
 
ACADEMIC PERFORMANCE 
 
Course 
Name of the Institution 
Board/ 
University 
Year of 
Passing 
Percentage of 
Marks 
 
B. E 
Sri Krishna College of 
Technology, Coimbatore. 
ANNA 
UNIVERSITY 
 
APRIL 2021 
8.05 
(CGPA) 
 
DME 
Muthayammal Polytechnic 
Institution. Namakkal 
 
DOTE 
 
OCT 2018 
 
86% 
 
SSLC 
GV Higher Secondary 
School, Mettur. 
 
TNBSE 
 
APRIL 2015 
 
77% 
FIELD OF INTEREST 
 
Full stack developer
 
Testing
 
Cloud
 
SKILL-SET 
 
C Program
 
Basic SQL(Structured Query Language)
 
OOPs(Object Oriented Programming System)
 
Networking(CCNA/CCNP)
WORK EXPERIENCE 
 
Cognizant Technology Solutions
Programmer Analyst Trainee 
Gained knowledge about Oracle Apps Database Administrator, worked like (Patching, Cloning, 
Monitoring, Backup) 
NPTEL COURSE 
 
Fundamentals of Manufacturing Process
 
Fundamental of welding science and technology
 
Advanced machining process
 
PROJECTS 
Design and fabrication of Pin on Disc Wear Test 
 In this project work an attempt to design and Fabricated the Pin on Disc Wear test used to 
check the disc surface condition.
Design and fabrication of Windshield Wiper Mechanism 
 To design and fabricate a new mechanism to cover the completearea of the wind screen.
Design and fabrication the Interactive Hoverboard For Personal Needs 
 A small Hoverboard with GPS tracking System used to buy and Deliver the Products Without any 
manual efforts from one place to another place.
 
FINAL YEAR PROJECT 
Investigation on mechanical properties of Al 6061 Metal matrix composites 
 In this project, made a study on composition of aluminium. which is lighter than regular grade 
aluminium. Resulted with Hybrid metal matrix composition in Aluminium, Grade : Aluminium 
6061. Patent rights registered on this project.
 
JOURNAL PUBLISHED 
Journal name : Investigation on mechanical properties of Al 6061 Metal matrix composites. 
Site : Scopus.com 
INDUSTRIAL EXPOSURE 
 
Completed two weeks In-plant Training in Steel Power Plant, Salem.
 
CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
 
Participated in Rally car design challenge (RCDC), Designed and fabricated a custom made 
QUAD BIKE and won prices under the category of Overall Championship in Quad category, 
CAE, Maneuverability, Acceleration, Overall Static and Dynamics.
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
 
Volunteer work and community service
 
Playing football
 
Board games
 
ABOUT ME 
 
A good team leader as well as a team player.
 
Can adapt to any kind of environment.
 
Can handle any situation.
 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Date of Birth 
: 06/01/2000 
Age 
23 
Blood Group 
: O -ve 
Languages known 
: English, Tamil (speak, read, and write) 
Father's name / Occupation 
: Arjunan. S / Farmer 
Mother's name / Occupation : Sagunthala. A / Homemaker 
 
DECLARATION 
Hereby, I declare that all the above given information are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
 
PLACE 
: 
DATE 
: 
SIGNATURE 

ABOUT ME
What I do?
Video Editing & Content Creation
What is my Forte?
Visual Storytelling, YouTube Growth, 
Social Media Content, B-rolls, etc. 
 
How can I help you?
Content Creation, Video Editing,
YouTube and Social Media Growth 
 
Why should you hire me?
I just don't edit videos. I construct engaging,
compelling, and immersive content which 
drives the viewer to take action
 
CLIENTELE
ROHAN CHAUBEY
India's Most Followed Growth Hacker &
International Best Selling Author
YouTube videos & Brand management
ABISHIEKH JAIN
INDIAN TELEVISION DOT COM
TEDx Speaker, Marketer, &
International Best Selling Author
TellyChakkar,Television and 
Bollywood news
YouTube & Instagram video content
YouTube video content
CLIENTELE
GREY PIXEL STUDIOS
Video Production & Photography
"This Journey" YouTube videos
SRM FILMS
SHAREIT WEMEDIA
Film & Video Production Agency
Video streaming and media sharing
platform
Food Videos for SHAREIT platform
Food Videos in collab with SRM Films
CLIENTELE
LEAP SCHOLAR
Study abroad and Global Education
YouTube video content for multiple
channels and Video Ads
PIYUSH KUKREJA
PARUL AGRAWAL
Marketer, Podcaster, and 
International Best selling author
Business Growth Expert, Publisher,
and Speaker from Arizona, USA
Videos for Neil Patel & Urmi Kothari
Marketing videos for her website
CONTACT ME
Aadesh Chauhan
www.instagram.com/aadesh_chauhan/
Aadesh Chauhan
www.youtube.com/Aadeshchauhan
aadeshbc55@gmail.com
+91 - 9769093845

Sai Vamshi Sarab
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sai-vamshi-sarab-4202331b4/
Location: 2-2-163, Azad Road, Bhongir, Telangana, 508116
Phone no: 9948424434
Email: saivamshisarab@gmail.com
Skills
Frontend
 
HTML
 
CSS
 
Bootstrap
 
JavaScript
 
React.js
Backend
 
Python
 
Express
 
Node.js
Data base
 
SQLite
Other skills
 
.NET
 
AI / ML
 
Android App
 
Angular
 
AngularJS
 
C
 
C++
Education
Nxtwave Disruptive Technologies
Sep '22 - Ongoing
Industry Ready Certiﬁcation in Full-stack Development
Mother Teresa PG College, Hyderabad
2020 - 2022
MBA (Master of Business Administration)_Finance (7.0 CGPA)
Jaagruti Degree College, Bhongir
2016 - 2019
B Com (Bachelor of Commerce)_Finance (9.2 CGPA)
Times Junior College, Bhongir
2014 - 2016
Intermediate_MEC (86.0%)
Mother Teresa High School, Bhongir
2013 - 2014
Secondary School Of Certiﬁcate (9.3 CGPA)
Project
Todos Application
project1_link
Technologies used : HTML, CSS, JS, Bootstrap
Developed persistent todo application with CRUD operations to track list of tasks
 
Displayed list of todos with HTML list elements, styled todo list using
CSS, Bootstrap
 
Implemented todo crud operations by using JavaScript event listeners and
updated UI dynamically by using JavaScript DOM operations.
 
Used Arrays, Objects and their methods during todolist CRUD
Operations, Persisted todo list state on page reloads using local storage
methods.
Countries Search
project2_link
Technologies used : HTML, CSS, JS, REST API Calls, Bootstrap
Developed responsive countries search application which shows all countries and
respective population in the world. We can also search by speciﬁc country
 
Fetched countries list from server asynchronously using fetch GET HTTP
API call and implemented responsiveness using Bootstrap grid system
and CSS box model.
 
- Implemented local search functionality by using input element,
JavaScript event listeners & ﬁltered countries using Array ﬁlter method.
Wikipedia Search Application
project3_link
Technologies used : HTML, CSS, JS, REST API Calls, Bootstrap
Developed custom wikipedia search application where user can search and view
curated results and can see detailed explanation in wikipedia by clicking on the
speciﬁc result
 
Displayed list of search results with HTML list elements with hyperlink as
url, styled list using CSS, Bootstrap and implemented responsiveness
using Flex properties and CSS Box model.
 
Fetched search results from server asynchronously using fetch GET HTTP
API call. When a user clicks on a particular result, opens the website in a
new tab by using the target attribute of the anchor tag in HTML.
Achievements
First Prize
Won ﬁrst prize in essay competition conducted by LIC.
Student of the year
Represented College in University competitions

 Jind Haryana
 +919289792967
 ankitbadgujar78@gmail.com
 Skills
Python
Docker
Django
Django Rest Framework
Html
CSS
Javascript
Svelte js
Bootstrap
jQuery
Websockets
MySQL
Postgresql
Nov 21 -
March 22
March 2022 -
Present
2017-2021
2016
ANKIT
 Objective
To enhance my professional skills, capabilities and knowledge in an
organization which recognizes the value of hard work and trusts me with
responsibilities and challenges.
 Experience
Permute solutions private limited
Software engineer
SAS Tech Studio private message
Software engineer
 Education
Guru Jambheshwar University of Science and Technology
Btech Computer science and Engineering
Jawahar Navodaya vidyalaya Khunga Kothi Jind
12th
 Projects
Aiqahealth App
It's a doctor on call app and app where patient can consult the doctor
according to their selected disease and a specialised doctor is assigned
to the patient . Consultant can be both audio and video and a prescription
is generated where doctor provides medicines , exercises etc to be taken
and there adherence is taken in to account.
Roles and responsibilities:-
Developing backend components for both web and mobile application on
aiqahealth patient app/doctor app.
Doctor web with major feature of audio and video consultation using
webrtc (agora) and django's websockets using django channels.
Automatic rescheduling of consultation at certain time using celery.
Finncub
Finncub :- It's a ﬁntech project made with the sole purpose of making
loan disbursement,kyc and other feature much easier.
Role and responsibilities:-
My role in this project is handling the reporting service which is mainly
handling the big data using python libraries like pandas and creating
differnt kind of reports in excel,pdf and csv of that big data using both
synchronous and asynchtonous mehods.
Kreditserve
Website for Factoring process in Financial Transaction.
Subal Kisan
Website for giving the platform to a call center
Agent to place, track and deliver the farmers' orders. another one is
building .
 LINKEDIN
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ankitbadgujar


CONTACT ME
EDUCATION
Chak no 268 hr,
Fortabbas, Bahawalnagar,
Punjab, Pakistan
@Muhammad Ammar Yousaf
ammaryousaf268@gmail.com
KRL Institute of Technology Kahuta
IUB Bahawalpur
IUB Bahawalpur
DAE
BA
MA
2013 - 2016
2017- 2019
2019-2021
SKILLS
Shopify Facebook Ads
Google Ads
Youtube Ads
Facebook, Instagram Ads
Social Media Marketing
ABOUT ME
REFERENCES
Muhammad
A m m a r  Y o u s a f
S o c i a l  M e d i a
M a r k e t i n g  E x p e r t
 +923228603468
I am a professional expert Social Media Marketer. I
have more than 3 years of working experience in
SMM and DM. I am very much eager to work on your
project to make it an exceptional one.
I am an experienced Social Media Marketer who can create, manage, maintain and work hard to grow your social media networks. Social Media is a large place to handle though I would like to share some of my expertise on Facebook, YouTube, and Instagram. FB ads, (Facebook pixel setup, Facebook lead generation ads, Targeted Audience, Funnel Testing, Lookalike audience, Page likes campaign, etc.) Instagram ads, Shopify Facebook ads, Google ads, and Email Marketing. I have been doing this for the past 3 years.
I am a specialist in SMM. Recently I finished a project on
Facebook Ads successfully. I can assure you that I am a
man of words. I swear to deliver each of your jobs in due
time.
       Note
If you want to discuss anything related to the project, I am available
by Email and Skype 24/7. You can make a voice or video chat
anytime if you see it's necessary. I am ready to provide more than
60 working hours per week, and I look forward to starting working on
your project as soon as possible according to your affirmation.
Thank you for being so considerate,
Further Details will be provided on demand

SAP FICO
PROFILE SUMMARY
MySQL
Python
SAP FICO
VANYA YADAV
A zealous individual with a never ending
urge to learn and grow. Seeking an entry
level position to apply Management
oriented gained knowledge along with the
technical skills.
KNOWLEDGE PURVIEW
Quick learner
Detail oriented
Organized 
Team player
INTERNSHIP
Singing
Art Making 
Cooking
Prepared Financial Models of the companies. 
Studied company profile and operations to understand
its marketing needs. 
Did DCF Valuation and Relative Valuation of the
Companies. 
Prepared ESG benchmark model. 
 IRESH Consultants (18th April 2022 - 16th August 2022)
Management - Finance Intern 
Roles & Responsibilities:
INTEREST
+91 9399046268
yadav.vanya2001@gmail.com
TECHNICAL SKILLS
SOFT SKILLS
Understanding 
of 
SAP 
driven 
modules 
such 
as
Financing and Controlling.
Proficient at Accounts and Finance. 
Made ESG Benchmark Models and Understanding of
Environmental, Social and Governance.
Presented an EV support application in National code
or no code Virtual Hackathon 2021.
Command on Database Management System.
Skilled in Market Research for the projections of
companies on the basis of market trends.
Understanding of Financial Models and projections on
the basis of Financial Analysis.
Continuous learner of new technologies and tools.
Effective Communication Skills.
EDUCATION
AWARDS AND CERTIFICATIONS
SAP S/4 HANA FICO Certification (Pursuing)
Winner: 
National 
Code 
or 
No 
Code-Hackathon
YoungInnovIndia-Mysuru, CII-Pune | October 2021 
Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan National level Singing in
Social Science Exhibition | 2016
2023: PGDM - Finance from IIEBM Indus Business School
Pune (63%)
2021: Bachelor of Science - Computer Science from St.
Aloysius College Jabalpur (57.5%)
2018: HSC from Kendriya Vidyalaya Khamaria, Jabalpur
(62.4%)
2016: SSC from Kendriya Vidyalaya Khamaria, Jabalpur
(81.7%)
SOCIAL
Financial Modeling
Business Valuation
Cash Flow Management
Ratio Analysis
Financial Analysis
Business Analytics
Content Writing
Project Management

 
AARTHI M 
Ranipet, Tamil Nadu 632 503, India 
Phone: +91 9360489478 E-mail: aarthi9197@gmail.com 
 
 
 
EDUCATION 
 
Bachelor of Science (MATHEMATICS) -Thiruvalluvar University-(2014-2017) 
 Master Of Business Administration- Madras University-(2017 -2019) 
 DIGITAL MARKETING EXECUTIVE (Dec 2019 to Jan 2022) 
INFOSYS BPM 
  Working with US based publishing company to ensure successful setup and delivery of 
programmatic campaigns. 
  Executing, delivering, tracking and reporting on digital campaigns. 
  Creating Online and display ads i.e. Email marketing, Google ads, ROS, ROP, SEO, SEM      
and SMM using order invoice given by client. Running campaigns in 31 US markets by 
choosing target audience and section. 
  Design and implement a social media strategy to align with the client's business goals. 
  Manage clients' social platforms and oversee the design and layout, from inception to 
implementation and results analysis. 
  Monitor social media conversion rates, web traffic metrics, and SEO rankings. Regular 
reporting to deliver insights and actionable recommendations. 
 DIGITAL MARKETING ANALYST TEAM LEAD (Jan 2022 - Present) 
  QIK DIGITAL  
  Works with other departments & manager to develop social media timelines coinciding 
with new product releases, ad campaigns, or other brand messages. 
  Handling 20+ projects. Ability to work in dead line, build and maintain client 
relationships. Developing, implementing & optimizing search engine strategies 
including SEO on-page & off-page optimization. 
  Reviewing reports on website rankings and analysis. Monthly reports were sent to clients. 
  A thorough knowledge of SEO (Search Engine Optimization) techniques. The ability to 
effectively handle a search engine marketing (SEM) campaign. 
 
  Working with copywriters and designers to ensure content is informative and appealing. 
Forecast sales and production plan. 
  Analyze and monitor the data from Daily report/Monthly Report in term of products  
  Conduct keyword research and analysis to identify opportunities for improving website 
rankings. 
  Monitor and report on website traffic, rankings, and other key performance 
indicators 
  Identify and resolve technical SEO issues 
  Proven SEM experience managing PPC campaigns across Google, Yahoo, and Bing. 
  Up to date with the latest trends and best practices in SEO and SEM 
  Analyzing clients' initial data in order to understand the client's infrastructure. 
  Support client in Goals/KPIs settings.
ACHIEVEMENT 
 
 
  Increased website Traffic by 50% by creating and implementing 
an SEO strategy 
  Generated a 200% uplift in organic traffic to the website in 6 
months 
  Created an effective paid Facebook advertising campaign which 
generated 5,000 website visits. 
  Optimized ad copy, resulting in a higher quality score and a 
lower CPC 
  Conducted A/B testing on paid Facebook ad campaigns, 
boosting conversion by 140% 
 
 
CORE SKILLS 
 
  SMM 
  Google analytics 
  SEM, Email marketing, SEO on page and off page 
  Social media optimization 
  Facebook and Instagram ads 
  LinkedIn ads 
  Google ads 
  Email marketing 
  Word Press 
  Google Ad Words & PPC 
  Conversion Rate Optimization (CRO) 
  Content Creation 
  Design Skills (Canva, Photoshop, After Effects, InDesign) 
  English: Excellent, Tamil: Native 
  Computer skills: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and 
Outlook) 
  Typing: English 35 words/min, 
 
TRAINING AND SEMINAR 
 
 
  Digital Marketing - Effective Tool for Brand Building” Under Quality 
Improvement Programme- National Level Seminar VIT University 
  Professional Digital Marketing Certificate Program - by 360 Digital Marketing 
Academy 
  Social Media Marketing - Workshop at VIT University 
  Review of Social Media Management Tools - by 360 Digital Marketing Academy 
  Analysis of Various Social Network Management Systems- by 360 Digital 
Marketing Academy 
 
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
 
 
2018 
-Exemplary Student Award, In Zonal Level Vellore District  
 2018-2019     -Leader of The Green Environment, SRM University Committee, 
- Team Leader, School Religious Activities. 
 

PETER BORÁK
FREELANCE FILMMAKER
LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM
+352 691 726 648
DETAILS
London
United Kingdom
+352 691 726 648
petborak@gmail.com
LINKS
Linkedin Profile
Vimeo profile
SKILLS
Video Editing
Adobe Premiere Pro
Adobe After Effects
Avid Media Composer
Final Cut Pro X
Cinematography
Adaptability
Teamwork
Ability to Work Under Pressure
Leadership Skills
Communication Skills
Creativity
Fast Learner
LANGUAGES
English
Slovak
Czech
German
HOBBIES AND INTERESTS
PROFILE
Hard-working and eager to learn young filmmaker, currently enrolled in an MA 
Filmmaking degree at the world renowned London Film School. Prior to this, Peter has 
worked as a key asset in the video production sector for audit giant PwC, as well as 
studying at the prestigious National Film and Television School, Beaconsfield, United 
Kingdom. He was also a part of the esteemed "Enterprise by Design" internship organized 
by Pontio Arts and Innovation Centre, in partnership with Bangor University, in 2020. 
EDUCATION
MA Filmmaking , London Film School , London
January 2023 — Present
Chosen for an MA Filmmaking degree at the UK's oldest film school, specialising 
in training students for the film and television industry, many of whose works and 
contributions annually qualify for top festivals such as Locarno, Berlinale, Edinburgh and 
LaCinef. 
Experienced with camera operating (both digital and film), editing with industry standard 
AVID Media Composer editing software among other specialist roles.
Certificate in Filmmaking, National Film and Television School (NFTS), Beaconsfield
October 2021 — April 2022
Selected for an annual certificate program in Filmmaking at the NFTS, Beaconsfield, 
United Kingdom.
Bachelor of the Arts - Creative Studies BA (Hons), Bangor University, Bangor, Wales
September 2018 — July 2021
Obtained a First-Class Honours degree classification in Creative Studies, a bachelor's 
degree consisting of modules in Practical Filmmaking, Animation, Film Distribution & 
Marketing, Video Game Design and Contemporary Theatre Practice. 
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Video Production Intern at Price Waterhouse Coopers, Luxembourg
November 2021 — April 2022
Part of the core video production team at PwC Luxembourg, specializing in 
creating and delivering high-end video content for clients, many involving major 
international players. These include, but are not limited to - shooting advertising 
campaigns, webisodes, news-style reports, major company events, interviews and 
various conferences among others. 
Experienced in live broadcast recording and MCR operation, camera operating, 
teleprompter directing, podcasting as well as all major forms of post production 
processes including editing, minor animation and vfx work and graphic design done 
through the Adobe suite.
Content Creator (Part-Time) at Filmzie , Bratislava, Slovakia
October 2020 — October 2021
Video content creator for the Filmzie streaming network's dedicated YouTube channel; 
creating added value content videos, that pertain to filmmaking techniques found within 
the films the company's catalog has on offer.  This entails namely writing scripts, editing, 
creating special effects through Adobe After Effects software and various voice over work.
Filmmaking and animation
Amateur photography
Alternative music
Contemporary literature
Vintage fashion
INTERNSHIPS
Student Intern at Enterprise by Design, Bangor, Wales, United Kingdom
January 2020 — April 2020
Part of Enterprise by Design, a 10-week long annual event, organised by Bangor 
University and Pontio Arts and Innovation Centre in conjunction with local businesses 
in North Wales, bringing students from four different disciplines - Business, Science, 
Arts, and Engineering - together to form teams and create innovative ideas that will help 
enhance the local economy.
REFERENCES
Jean-Francois Lens  from  PwC Luxembourg
jean-francois.lens@pwc.com · +352 621 336 005
Dr. Dyfrig Jones  from  Bangor University
dyfrig.jones@bangor.ac.uk · +44 1248388456
Dr. Eben Muse  from  Bangor University
e.muse@bangor.ac.uk · +44 1248388628
Dr. Steffan Thomas  from  Bangor University
s.w.thomas@bangor.ac.uk · +44 1248383656

MR. AMOL SANJAY
THENGADE 
Platforms : Windows, Linux 
Languages : Python, Core Java 
IDE's : PyCharm, VS Code
Tools : JIRA, GitHub ,Postman, Confluence
Web Services : REST 
Jan 2021- Mar 2023 
Worked as Python Developer with Incedo Inc Pune from Jan 2021 to March 2023. 
Web Technologies : HTML, CSS
Web Framework : Flask
Version Control System : GIT
RDBMS/Database : MySQL 
Data Transfer Technology : XML, JSON
                                                                                                                                  Pune, Maharashtra - India 
                                                                                                                                                  +91-8554992238 
                                                                                                                             contactmonika5@gmail.com 
                                                                                                                                                       Monika Bhute
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 A Python Developer with 2+ Years of Experience in Python, Flask and Web Technologies and 
MySQL. 
  Proficiency in Python Scripting and Core Python Expertise.
  Good Extensive Experience in Developing/Handling highly interactive Web based Applications 
specially using Python, Flask, API's. 
  Familiar with Object Relational Mapper (ORM) libraries. 
  Committed, goal oriented, adaptive to learn new things and technologies. 
  Possess good problem solving & Interpersonal skills, having capability to work alone. 
  Basic understanding of Front-End Technologies, such as HTML, CSS and Server-Side 
languages. 
  Having Strong knowledge in OOPS Concept and Python. 
  Familiarity with MySQL databases and their declarative query languages. 
  Proficient understanding of code Versioning Tools such as Git. 
  Ability to handle multiple tasks and work as in a team Members. 
SKILLS:
EDUCATION: 
EXPERIENCE: 
Software Engineer / Incedo Inc, Pune 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
B.E in Information Technology / KDK College of Engineering, Nagpur
Completed Bachelor's of Engineering in 2020. 
 
Monika M. Bhute
CERTIFICATIONS: 
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner  by AWS
SAFe5 Practitioner by Scaled Agile
Python Certification by Simplilearn
Project : Multiple Projects 
Technologies : Python, MySQL, AWS 
Role : Python Developer
Description: 
As a Python Backend Developer worked on couple of projects like to write scripts for managing a portal 
for handling data of new employees and automating the scripts for manual tasks using AWS.
        
 
Project : Project and Resources Management Tool
Technologies : Python, Flask, MySQL
Role : Python Developer
Description: 
 The project is developed for managing projects and resources bandwidth data along with KPI
Calculations. To maintain records of projects status, resources availability, skillset management, new
user management and KPI data. Keep track of all data related to projects and resources.
Roles and Responsibilities: 
  Developed the application using Flask Framework, which includes Python code. 
  Written backend efficient codes and logic using python. 
  MySQL was the primary database for data storage.
  Developed RESTful APIs to communicate with frontend ensuring seamless communication.
  Utilized libraries such as NumPy and Pandas for data manipulation.
  Postman tool to test and verify the API's functionality ensuring they are reliable and accurate.
  Understanding the process and interacting with front end team. 
  Worked on Defects and Bugs. 
  Experience working in Agile environments, employing Scrum, Agile or Kanban Frameworks.
   Modifications in python code to make new enhancements or resolve problems, as per 
client requirements. 
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
PROJECT PROFILE 
Project 2: 
Project 1: 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
  Understanding the project requirements and developing/enhancing the code based on the client
requirements using Python. 
  Involved in creating modules and models using Python required for the project. 
  Developed python script to automate the manual task of taking data from AWS manipulating it
and loading again on AWS using S3 buckets.
  Involved in accessing data from database as demanded for a task. 
  Coordinating with the team to meet the client requirement. 
  Installed & Configured MySQL database Connections. 
Personal Profile: 
Date of Birth : 29 June 1998
Languages Known : English, Hindi, Marathi 
Permanent Address : Nagpur, Maharashtra
Sex : Female 
Marital Status : Single 
Nationality : India 
 
 
 
 
 
  

CAREER OBJECTIVE
ADDITIONAL SKILLS
 Phone-+91 7002597544
Email - subajotimazumder@gmail.com
EDUCATION
CONTACT
HSLC( 2017) 
PRANABANANDA VIDYA MANDIR
Higher secondary(2019)
LUMDING COLLEGE
BA (2022) 
IGNOU
I hereby declared that all the facts given here
are true to my knowledge.
DECLARATION
RESINDETIAL ADDRESS
(Permanent Address) Netaji Road,
Lumding 782447, Assam.
(Present Address) Dum Dum,
Daks700028,
Kolkata
LANGUAGE
English
Assamese
Hindi
Bengali
SUBAJOTI
MAZUMDER.
Social Media Marketing Internship at
kshitiksha Foundation.
Freelancing.
WORK EXPERIENCE
As a  skilled, creative in web design and digital marketing, my career objective is
to grow my  experience to create visually appealing and user-friendly websites
that drive exceptional results for the company. My main goal is to contribute my
skills and expertise to help businesses grow in the digital landscape while
continuously growing and advancing my own professional skills.
INTEREST
Digital Marketing
Word press Web Development 
DCA
Use Of Artificial Intelligence
Canva
Cricket
Animals
Artificial Intelligence
Investment
Audio

1 
 
CAREER OBJETIVE 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
PROJECTS 
 
 
 
To work with a reputed organization which provides me challenging environment & 
encourages continuous learning and creativity, which stimulate both personal as well as 
professional growth, and to benefit both the organization as well as my career. 
 
 
 Coding Languages: 
 Front-end Development: - HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript 
 Back-end Development: -  Python Programming, Java, C. 
 Framework: Django, MVT. 
 Operating Systems: Windows. 
 Tools: JIRA, Postman. 
 
Databases: My-SQL, SQL. 
 
 
1. Project Name: E-Commerce Management 
 Description: Ecommerce or electronic commerce is the trading of goods and services 
on the internet. It is your bustling city center or brick-and-mortar shop translated into 
zeroes and ones on the internet superhighway. 
 Roles and Responsibilities: 
 Design engaging and effective category and marketing landing pages based on creative 
direction from Management. 
 Establish a scalable and reusable template(s) for our clients' category and marketing 
landing pages. 
 Utilize insights from research and analytics to form new design solutions. 
               See through a project from conception to finished product.  
 Ensure consistent performance on all major devices/browsers, including fast load times 
and bug-free core functionality with a focus on mobile optimization and performance. · 
Gather and refine website requirements and specifications based on technical needs 
and industry practices. 
Name: Niraj Somnath Nikam 
Address:At Post. Charoli Bk.Tal.Haveli 
Dist. Pune (412105) Maharashtra. 
Email ID: nikam2000niraj@gmail.com 
Mob No: +91- 9850713988 
2 
 
SKILLS 
EDUCATION 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 Maintenance of HTML/CSS/JavaScript for existing web sites. 
  Troubleshoot coding issues and bugs. 
 Developing SEO/PPC Strategy/Marketing Plans 
 Developing Schedules and Timescales 
 
2. Project Name: Hospital Management System. 
 Description: Hospital Management System is a system enabling hospitals to 
manage information and data related to all aspects of healthcare - processes, 
providers, patients, and more, which in turn ensures that processes are 
completed swiftly and effectively. 
 Roles and Responsibilities: 
 Assisting the development team with all facets of software design and coding is the 
role of entry-level Software Developers 
 Some of their main responsibilities include learning the code base 
 participating in design meetings 
 Helping the Development Manager with all design-related software developer job 
duties. 
 
 
 Project Management 
 Critical Thinking 
 Good Communication 
 Emotional Intelligence 
 Problem Solving 
 Software and application knowledge 
 Team Work 
 Administrative 
 
 Certification Course: Python full stack development in Perfect IT Solution. 
 BE: Completed from SPPU University in year 2022 with aggregate of 8.72. 
 
 
Date of Birth: 17th July 2000 
Marital Status: Un-married. 
Languages: Marathi, English, Hindi 
Strengths: Positive attitude, Effective Presentation, Management 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 
Place: 
(Niraj Somnath Nikam) 

RITIKA KANSAL
E m a i l  -   r i t i k a . k a n s a l 0 0 3 @ g m a i l . c o m     P h n  n o -  8 1 7 1 2 9 0 8 0 8
A d d r e s s -  A 1 0 7  S o m d u t t  C i t y ,  M e e r u t .  2 5 0 0 0 4
L i n k e d I n -  w w w . l i n k e d i n . c o m / i n / r i t i k a - k a n s a l - 6 b 4 0 5 6 1 a 6
EXPERTISE & EXPERIENCE
Content Writing
Creative Writing
Blog & Article Writing
Social Media writing
Web and App Content
Copywriting
SEO/SMO
KEY SKILLS
MSExcel
Research and data
analysis
Google Analytics
MS Word
Power Point
Content Planning &
Mnagement 
TECHNICAL SUMMARY
WordPress (Backend-
Frontend
Search Engine Optimization
Pivot Table & Adv Excel Tools
Canvas 
Data Analysis 
Writing/Editing Adv Tools
WORK EXPERIENCE & REFERENCE 
Content Writiing 
Xtreme Digital
WooCoupons (https://www.woocoupons.in/)
BioticMan Organics  (https://www.boticoorganics.com/)
Auvarana 
blissful Plan(https://blissfulplans.com/)
The QnA(https://theqna.org/)
      -Content writing, Blogging, Website Content.
      - Human Resource, Content Manager and planing 
     -Content Writer, Seo Manager, Social Media Content,
WordPress
     - Content Writer, Blogger, App and website content,
Social Media Content,  Work Management. 
      - Content Writer
      - Marketing and Content Writing Strategising 
EDUCATION
MBA
BA English (Hons)
Higher Secondary School
Secondary School
       IILM University, Gurgaon
        (2021-2023)
        Delhi University
       (2018-2021)
       KL International School, Meerut
       (2017-2018)
        94.25% CBSE
       KL International School, Meerut
       (2015-2016)
       9.4CGPA CBSE
INTREST & HOBBIES
Reading & Writing
Painting  & Sketching
Creative art
Surfing Social Media 
ACADEMIC EXPERIENCE
Secretary Of Literature Club
at Collage (Awaz Club, IILM)
Research and Writing Workin
Collage Project (IILM)
Project Manager/Team Lead
at College Project (IILM)
Member of Drama Society, DU
Script Writer
Active NSS member, DU
Social worker
Online English Class, Aradhya
Foundation. (Class 12th
Tutor)
Creative Head, (KLI School)
GST & Bank Activity Head

SUNITA GHALE 
8B Court Parade, Wembley, Middlesex, HA0 3HY 
07727353665 | sunitaghale55@gmail.com 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sunitaghale/ 
 
A highly motivated and driven digital marketing graduate with Distinction and additional in-depth 
training in SEO, SEM, Social media marketing, and Email marketing; with skills and capabilities in 
planning and executing successful marketing campaigns across numerous digital channels. Capable 
of conducting market research and an audit that results in strategic planning for boosting website 
traffic, generating leads, and improving ROI with good understanding of Google Analytics, AdWords, 
and other marketing tools. Good communication, teamwork, management, and the ability to 
operate under pressure are all acquired through academic and hospitality experiences. 
 
Professional Experience: 
Trainee - Broadway Infosys, Nepal  
 
 
 
            (17th Jan 2023 - Present) 
  
Analysing latest digital marketing trends and utilising those trends to create a marketing campaign. 
  
Built a website (eventskhoji.com) using WordPress and published blogs into it. 
  
Performed both On- page & Off- page SEO to boost visibility & traffics to the website, while continuously 
improving user accessibility. 
  
Created a Digital Marketing Hub 2023 Facebook page and promoted social media advertisement contents 
focusing on targeted audience group. Personal accounts for Instagram/ LinkedIn/ Twitter/ YouTube were 
utilized for social media optimisation.  
  
Monitoring website performance via Google analytics and using those analytics for strategic planning.  
 
Crowne Plaza & Holiday Inn Express T4, London 
 
 
 
    (Jan 2019 - Nov 2020)                      
Dual IHG branded property in London Heathrow T4 - 761-bedroom property (Crowne Plaza 304) & 457 
Holiday Inn Express T4. 
▪ Guest Relations Manager 
 
 
 
 
 
    (Dec 2019 - Nov 2020) 
  
Oversee and coordinate all arrivals and departures of special guests (VIPs, Sas, etc) whilst 
ensuring they receive an outstanding, seamless, 5-star service in all interactions with the team 
members. 
  
Coordinate and manage communication between guests and staff and follow up to ensure we 
resolve customer concerns. 
  
To motivate, drive and monitor the FOH team with regards to all up-selling opportunities, IHG 
enrolments and customer success Stories - always going the ‘extra mile'. 
  
Regularly analyse IHG Heartbeat score (CSM Metrics) and leverage the reports to achieve highest 
guest satisfaction level.  
  
Monitor and respond to TripAdvisor, Bookings.com, Hotels.com, IHG booking customer 
feedback. 
Skills: Excellent communication skills, problem solving, multitasking, Leadership, active listening 
 
▪ Reception Supervisor                                                                                       (July 2019 - Nov 2019) 
  
Leading the reception team on shift to enhance guest's stay experience by welcome, check in, 
check out, special requests, room allocations and informing the team of any special events or VIP 
Guests in the hotel.  
  
Engaging with guests to ensure they are made to feel comfortable and addressing any of their 
needs/complaints promptly. 
  
Coordinating with other departments to ensure consistent standards are maintained. 
  
Monitor the appearance, standards, and performance of receptionists with an emphasis on 
training and teamwork to achieve their objectives/ targets and development goals. 
  
Working as a duty manager in an allocated shift when required. 
Skills: People management, Interpersonal skills, Multitasking, Attention to detail, Team player, 
organisational skill 
 
▪ Front desk Receptionist 
 
 
 
 
 
   (Jan 2019 - June 2019) 
  
Perform all check-in and check-out tasks adhere to IHG brand standard. 
  
Provide information about hotel, available rooms, rates, and amenities. 
  
Liaise with housekeeping staff to ensure all rooms are clean, tidy, and fully functional. 
  
Enrol guest in IHG loyalty programme and upsell additional services. 
  
Dealing with special requests, such as room service, taxi bookings or wake-up calls. 
 
Customer Service Supervisor at Wasabi Sushi & Bento 
 
 
  (April 2017 - Dec 2018) 
Team leader at Mr Chan's Chinese Restaurant 
 
 
 
    (July 2011 - Feb 2017) 
 
Academic Qualifications:  
MSc. Digital Marketing (Distinction) - University of West London, UK 
 
      (2021 - 2022) 
BA (Hons) International Hotel Management - University of West London, UK 
      (2014 - 2018)  
BTEC Level 3 Diploma - Harrow College, UK  
 
 
 
 
      (2011 - 2014) 
Higher Education- Himalayan Whitehouse, Nepal                                                                (2009 - 2010) 
School Leaving Certificate - Graded English Medium School, Nepal 
 
      (2001 - 2009) 
 
Other Tools:  
SEO Software Tools:  SEMRUSH, SE Ranking, Google search console, Yoast SEO, Ahrefs, Serpstat, 
SEOptimer, Screaming Frog, Ubersuggest, Keyword Hero 
Social Media Management platform: Hootsuite, Sprout Social   
Other: Canva, HubSpot, Mailchimp, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint 
 
References available on request. 

SMIT
BHANUSHALI
CONTACT DETAILS
  smitbhanushali27@gmail.com
   Ahmedabad, Gujarat
   (+91) 9099729778
   27 Jul '02
   LinkedIn
SKILLS
Solidity
Intermediate
Cryptography and Security
Beginner
React JS
Intermediate
Web development
Intermediate
Java
Intermediate
Computer Networking
Beginner
LANGUAGES
English
Basic
Hindi
Intermediate
Gujarati
Advanced
HOBBIES
Traveling
ABOUT
I'm a third-year college student with a strong interest in Cybersecurity and 
Blockchain. Quick learner with a strong passion for technology and a desire 
to stay up-to-date with the latest developments in the xeld. I have completed 
relevant coursework and gained hands-on eFperience designing security 
solutions for projects. 
EDUCATION
SAOORYN— INSTITUTE YO TECHNYLYG—
2020 P /resent
Bachelor of Engineering
8.08D10 C/I
PROJECTS
Oake /roduct Identixcation System Using 
Blockchain
Aug 2022 P  ec 2022
q Blockchain-based product verixcation system
q Reduced the risk of counterfeit products.
q Unizue digital record for each product
q Automated verixcation and authentication using smart contracts
Create NOTs (Non-Oungible Tokens) Yf 
Cultural Artifacts Oor Commerciali3ing 
Gujarat's Heritage
Jul 2022 P Jan 202V
q NOTs for Gujarat's cultural artifacts
q Ywnership and provenance for commerciali3ation
q  igital preservation and access
q Alternative revenue for heritage promotion.
Blockchain Based Certixcate Kalidation
Mar 202V P /resent
q It can be verixed just by scanning a QR code.
q Certixcates can be verixed instantly.
q No one can fabricate fake certixcates for any organi3ation.
q Its decentrali3ed and immutable ledger makes the verixcation process more 
transparent, reliable, and e4cient.
CERTIFICATIONS
Blockchain Ooundation /rogram
erala Blockchain Academy
2 Oeb 202V
Cybersecurity Essentials
Cisco Networking Academy
8 Oeb 202V
Blockchain Essentials
Cognitive Class
2V Nov 2022
Blockchain Basics
Great Learning
20 Yct 2022
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
q   /articipation in the CY E HAC 202V 
q   /articipation in A3adi a Amrit Mahotsav Hackathon 2022
Powered by : ilaforplacements.com


Mohamed Salman Faarsi S   
   
32 & 33, Yube1 The Social League, 
Annai Indira Nagar, Okkiyampet, 
Thoraipakkam 
Chennai-600097      
Tamil Nadu   
   
Phone No: +91 8072656649   
   
Email: mohamedsalmanfaarsi@gmail.com   
     
   
   
   
About Me   
Software Developer    
   
Enthusiastic Software Developer eager to contribute to team success through critical thinking, problem solving, 
creative conceiving, hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. Clear understanding of 
development and configuration and training in Application Development. Motivated to learn, explore, grow and 
excel in any field provided.   
   
Education   
   
   
Masters, Computer Application.       Graduated, 2020 (CGPA - 7.67)  
Thiagarajar College of Engineering,   
Madurai, Tamil Nadu   
   
Bachelor, Computer Science            Graduated,2018(CGPA - 6.92)    
The American College                                                                 Madurai, 
Tamil Nadu                  
   
Projects :   
   
1. AI Proctor  JavaScript, Artificial Intelligence ( Deep Learning Models ), HTML, CSS    
   
Web application on the base of Tensorflow JS to detect and recognize the student and their facial motions 
throughout an Examination.   
   
2. Document OCR ( Python, MySQL, AWS Textract, JavaScript, HTML, CSS )  
   
Python application that detects the text and tables in the bills and the data is stored into MySQL database and 
the information is displayed as a whole in a webpage. The text extraction is done through AWS Textract. It can 
also be done through Google Cloud OCR but comparatively AWS Textract is much more accurate.   
   
3. Emotional Intelligence JavaScript, PHP, Artificial Intelligence ( Deep Learning Models 
), JSON, HTML, CSS   
   
Web application on the base of Face API that detects the face and facial emotions of the user to predict the 
Emotional Status of the user and directs the respective website or advertisement to the respective user.   
     
Professional Qualifications and Affiliations   
   
   
  Application Development and design (Python, Web App)   
  Web development projects   
  Internet Of Things Developer   
  Technical Analysis   
  Product development   
  Critical thinking   
   
   
Career Highlights   
   
  Supervised team of 10 staff members.   
  Resolved product issue through consumer testing.   
  Managed a group of 3 junior developers, ensuring that a project was completed on time and met all key 
milestones.   
  Following completion of internship, was offered a desirable position with Youcode Intelligence Solutions.   
  Identified and eliminated website bugs to improve user experience.   
   
   
   
Work Experience   
 
August 2021 -  Present    
 
Associate Software Engineer 
Blackboard Inc. 
Chennai, Tamil Nadu 
 
  Developing features and updating the functionalities in Python-Django for BBComms. Bbcomms is a 
school management application. It acts as a bridge between the Teacher Parent relationship.   
  Worked in AWS. Using AWS Queue to reduce internal traffic and develop a cloud supported 
infrastructure for a lightweight application. 
  Developed code in Angular JS for an intuitive UI and ease of accessibility for the user. 
  Debugging and bug analysis on the application for a better performance 
  Build creation and Deployment in the testing environments using AWS Opsworks stacks. 
   
January 2020 -  July 2021  
    
AI/ML Software Developer   
ETOP Technology Pvt Ltd   
Chennai, Tamil Nadu   
   
  Creation of Custom Deep learning models that are far better in accuracy compared with the default 
models through cost effective method for the betterment of the organization.   
  Application Development in multiple language platforms and multiple domains for the stable and dynamic 
usage of the Application.   
  Analysing and filtering the dataset as per the model and for the perfection and accuracy.   
  Collaborated with project managers to select ambitious, but realistic coding milestones on pre-release 
software project development.   
  Prepared test plans and test cases based on Custom Deep Learning model requirements.   
  Developed software for both desktop and mobile operating systems, including Windows and Linux, as 
well as Android .   
  Designed intuitive graphical user interfaces using knowledge of serial communications and database 
design to improve user experience.   
   
September 2019 -  December 2019 ( Part Time )   
    
Software Developer   
Youcode Intelligence Solutions   
Madurai, Tamil Nadu   
   
  Revised, modularized and updated old code bases to modern development standards, reducing 
operating costs and improving functionality.   
  Collaborated with project managers to select ambitious, but realistic coding milestones on pre-release 
software project development.   
  Prepared test plans and test cases based on Custom Deep Learning model requirements.   
  Developed software for both desktop and mobile operating systems, including Windows and Linux, as 
well as Android.   
  Designed intuitive graphical user interfaces using knowledge of serial communications and database 
design to improve user experience.   
   
Skill Set   
   
  Python   
  Django 
  AWS 
  JavaScript     
  Tensorflow  
  Keras  
  CNN Algorithms 
  Pytorch  
  Pycharm  
  Pandas  
  Matplot  
  Scikit-Learn  
  Hypertuning Parameters  
  LSTM  
  OpenCV  
  HTML   
  CSS   
  PHP   
  MySQL   
  Mongo DB 
  AWS Textract   
  Coral Development Board    
  Linux (Ubuntu,arch)   
   
 
Achievements   
   
  
Represented the school volleyball team for Zonal level Volleyball tournament organized by Tamilnadu 
Government( 2010 )    
  
Represented the school football team for District level Football tournament organized by Tamilnadu 
Government( 2013 )    
  
State First community rank in TANCET 2018    
  
Obtained 53.667 ( Normalized ) marks in TANCET 2018, 29th OVERALL RANK   
  
2006 Time's Person of the Year  
     
Languages   
    
  
Tamil   
  
English   
   
   
Personal Interests   
   
   
   
    
  
  
Sports ( Football )      
  
Content Creator   
   
  
Meme Creation  
(https://www.instagram.com/singlethuva__naadu/?hl=en )  
  
Travelling   
   
   
Personal Details   
   
Father's Name:  Mr. Syed Ibrahim   
  
Birthday: December 27,1997   
    
Gender:   
Male   
   
   
Passport Number and Expiry :    R6314577( 2027)   
Marital Status:   
Single   
Nationality:   
Indian   
   
   
Declaration   
   
I, Mohamed Salman Faarsi S hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my 
knowledge and belief. I am also confident of my ability to work in a team.    
  
Place : Chennai 
Date:    
Yours Faithfully   
   
(Mohamed Salman Faarsi S)   

Add to Cart functionality
Slideshow on landing page 
Sorting feature based on price 
Created a landing page. 
Fixed bugs in the entire website.
Bath & Body Clone 
An e-commerce website to shop for beauty 
and cosmetic products.
Features: 
Tech Stack: HTML | CSS | JavaScript
Areas of responsibility:
A collaborative project built by a team of 
5 executed in 4 days.
 
Sorting feature based on price. 
Add to Cart functionality. 
Add to Wishlist functionality. 
Created a landing page. 
Showing details of the product. 
Fastrack Clone 
An e-commerce website to shop for Watches and
Shoes products..
Features: 
Tech Stack: HTML | CSS | JavaScript
Areas of responsibility:
A Individual project built by a me of 5 executed in 
4 days.
Shubham Dambale
  Java Backend Developer 
Maharashtra, India
 shubhamdambale123@gmail.com
  +91 8999949450          LinkedIn           Github 
 https://shubhamdambale.github.io/
Professional Summary
An aspiring Java Backend Developer with 1000+
hours of coding experience in Java, and
JavaScript. I am a highly passionate Backend
developer who loves, creating APIs, and
working with databases.
Technical Skills
Java | JavaScript | HTML | CSS
Spring Boot | Hibernate | MySQL | Rest API
Data Structures and Algorithms 
Education
Java Backend Developer, Masai School
09/2022 - present | Online | Bangalore, india
- Solved 450+ DSA problems 
- 100+ hours of communication and soft skills
training 
Graduation, B.A.M.U. Chatrapati College
10/2019 - 25/2022 | Aurangabad, India 
Certificates
Java Backend Developer (Masai School) 
Problem Solving (hackerrank)
Soft Skills
Communication | Team Work Team
Collaboration | Remote Work Problem
Solving | Self Learning
Projects
To Book a cab based on cab availability
Able to view trip history
Driver can update status i.e. Offline or Online
Admin can modify user/driver details
Implemented the authentication functionality
Created the customer module flow
Integrated validation through the app
Online Cab Booking Application
Rest API for an Online Cab Booking Application
This API performs all the fundamental CRUD
operations.
Features: 
Tech Stack: SpringBoot | JAVA | Hibernate |
MySQL | Swagger
Areas of responsibility:
A collaborative project built by a team of 
5 executed in 4 days.
 

 
CH V SATYA MURALI KRISHNA 
DSGSD 
+91 7386855669    satyamuralikrishna13@gmail.com 
ABOUT ME 
With 2+ years of experience building web and mobile applications and developing analytics 
dashboards, I approach every project with a problem-solving attitude and a strong desire to learn 
and expand my skillset. I am passionate about keeping up-to-date with the latest technologies and 
taking on multiple roles to contribute to the team's success. With excellent communication skills and 
attention to detail, I strive to deliver high-quality results and contribute to the success of the projects 
and teams I work with. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
▪ Python - Flask, FASTAPI, Web Scrapping 
▪ MongoDB, MS SQL, Firebase FireStore, Azure Datalake 
▪ GCP - IAM, Cloud Functions, Cloud Storage, Compute Engine, Databricks 
▪ Docker, Git, Postman 
▪ Flutter, HTML, CSS, JS 
▪ Google Analytics, Firebase Analytics, Big Query, Data Studio, Tableau 
WORK EXPERIENCE                                                   
Abzooba - Data Scientist (1 Year 11 Months)                                                    May '21 - Ongoing 
▪ Developed and deployed multiple Python services with FASTAPI & FLASK frameworks 
▪ Experienced in working with various database technologies, including both relational and non-
relational databases, enabling efficient data storage, retrieval, and analysis 
▪ Leveraged Flutter's advanced development capabilities to create a robust and user-friendly 
mobile application for iOS and Android platforms. 
▪ Managed Firebase, Google Cloud Platform, and user analytics to enable efficient data tracking 
and dashboarding 
▪ Extended the support to feature research, developing service architectures 
▪ Created numerous ETL pipelines and MLDL models to fulfill various business requirements 
Learn AR - Core Developer (8 Months)                                                              Aug '20 - Mar '21 
▪ Developed mobile app to enhance AR based learning using Flutter with Unity Integration 
▪ Managed Firebase, Google Cloud Platform, User Analytics, UIUX design, User Onboarding 
▪ Created & implemented architecture for dynamic model loading 
▪ Created user analytics dashboard to check user activity and stickiness 
Lagaland LLP - Software Developer Intern (2 Months)                                        May '20 - Jun '20 
▪ Designed and developed a responsive Frontend with of an online real estate website using 
VueJS Framework 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS 
Year 
Degree 
Board/University 
%/CGPA 
2017- 2021 
Bachelor of Technology in  
Computer Science & Engineering 
IIT Bhubaneswar 
6.72 / 10 
2014 - 2016 
Class XII 
Board of Intermediate 
Education, Andhra Pradesh 
93.2% 
2013 - 2014 
Class X 
Board of Secondary Education, 
Andhra Pradesh 
9.5 / 10 
 
LEADERSHIP SKILLS  
▪ Managed a team of three developers in building a new mobile app, leveraging the existing 
architecture 
▪ Took initiative to convert revamp architectures of services from Monolithic to Microservice 
Initiated and led the conversion of service architectures from monolithic to microservices 
▪ Conducted user research and gathered feedback to inform product feature development 
 

Mithun Jayanidhi
jayanidhi.in.org.1996@gmail.com
91 9741963558
Bangalore, Mangaluru
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science (B.Sc), 3D Animation and Visual Effects
Silicon College Of Advanced Studies
2019  2022
Senior Secondary (XII, Science
Vivekananda Pu College,Puttur
DEPARTMENT OF PREUNIVERSITY
EDUCATION,KARNATAKA board)
Year of completion: 2019
Percentage: 69.66%
Secondary (X
Bethany English Medium School, Nellyady
KSEEB board)
Year of completion: 2017
Percentage: 81.00%
TRAININGS
Vfx Pro
ARENA ANIMATION, JAYANAGAR, Bangalore
Feb 2022  Present
Perceiveng VFX Course at Arena Animation, Jayanagar. Part
time course which is flexible to do job.
PROJECTS
Graphic Design Portfolio
Dec 2022  Jan 2023
https://drive.google.com/file/d/17C8g23Y
GnT6WPFQ7G3Y7_pAh8CZCRz/view?usp=drivesdk
Graphic Design Portfolio
Video Editing
Jul 2022  Jul 2022
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Q72NNYY6PN3
K119D3RkvJc2BLc7oE8n/view?usp=drivesdk
This is my graduation project.Completed Pre-production to
Post Production process myself.
Maayilakote Cinematic Project 1
Dec 2021  Dec 2021
https://youtu.be/BitCO5f_B4U
Maayilakote Cinematic Project 1.Cinematic Videography and
Editing.
Maayilakote Cinematic Project 2
Dec 2021  Dec 2021
https://youtu.be/e0BgnaZVK1E
Maayilakote Cinematic Project 2.Drone Cinematic
Videography and Editing.https://youtu.be/e0BgnaZVK1E
Nature Cinematic
May 2021  May 2021
https://youtu.be/6ap2KCUs61I
Presenting beauty of motherland from sky.Cinematic drone
video shoot and video editing.
Neriya Cinematic
Feb 2021  Feb 2021
https://youtu.be/YnRY_u5ubSg
Neriya Cinematic Video Shoot And Editing.
SKILLS
Adobe After Effects
Intermediate
Adobe Photoshop
Advanced
Adobe Illustrator
Advanced
Adobe Premiere Pro
Advanced
Video Editing
Advanced
MSWord
Advanced
Video Making
Intermediate
Photography
Intermediate
WORK SAMPLES
Other portfolio link
https://drive.google.com/file/d/17C8g23Y
GnT6WPFQ7G3Y7_pAh8CZCRz/view?usp=drivesdk

SAMIAT BASORUN
MARKETING | PR | COMMUNICATIONS
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
MA Corporate Communications,
Marketing, and PR, student. A creative
with well-versed and relevant skills and
experience to produce engaging and
relevant content; across various media
platforms. Offering exceptional PR skills
gained via internships, other work
experience, and academic opportunities,
including research and communications
analysis, communications strategy
development, and social media skills.
KEY ACHIEVEMENTS
Conceptualised a corporate
communications strategy for 'Nike' as
part of Pr and Social Media module.
Developed an organic social media
(Instagram) and digital marketing
channel campaign for Digital and
Social Media Project module.
Completed market research and plan
as part of Marketing Arts Events or
Project. 
Raised funds for Birmingham
Children's Hospital.
CONTACT ME:
Mobile: 07546362236
Email: samiatzosia@gmail.com
LinkedIn: @SamiatBasorun
SKILLS
Oral and Written Communication
Skills.
Microsoft Office Efficiency.
Market Research.
Time Management.
Customer Service.
Social Media.
Organisational Skills.
Creative Thinking.
Networking.
Market Research.
 
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Anticipated customer needs by providing a high quality
service while upholding brand standards and values to ensure
customer satisfaction.
Solving customer queries and issues, while effortlessly
upholding brand standards and policy.
 Administered POS transactions; including cash, credit,
exchanges, and refunds, to ensure accurate cash flow, 
PRIMARK  | JUNE 2022 - SEPTEMBER 2022
Retail Assistant 
Monitored and provided updates on current conversations on
the State, active government figures, political parties, and
events. 
Perform research and communication analysis activities
relating to the state. And produce corresponding reports. 
Facilitated  administrative duties.
MINISTRY OF INFORMATION (LAGOS) |  AUGUST 2019 -
SEPTEMBER 2019
Public Affairs Intern 
EDUCATION
PR in Practice.
Marketing Research.
Social Media Marketing.
Master of Arts in Corporate Communications, Marketing,
and Public Relations.
Relevant modules include:
University of Leeds | SEPTEMBER 2022-SEPTEMBER
2023. 
Graduated with 2:1 Honours. 
Student Media Club.
Peer mentor volunteer.
PR and Social Media.
Digital and Social Media Project.
Marketing Arts Event or Project. 
Relevant modules include:
Bachelor of Arts in Media and Communications, 2022.
Coventry University SEPTEMBER 2019-JULY 2022.

VIKASH KUMAR 
vikash0303kumar0303@gmail.com 
Location - Bangalore Karnataka India 
 +91 9588299731 
 
 
  Summary  
Passionate in online Complex Coding, Programming, solve complex real time problem and hungry to utilize complex 
programming skills sets in Software Development Industries. 
 
Experience  
➢ 
1 year of experience in  online coding teaching in C ,C++, Java, Python, HTML-CSS, and other programming Languages. 
Programming Knowledge & Skills 
➢ C, C++, Java, Python, PHP, DBMS, SQL, NoSQL,  MYSQL, HTML-CSS, MS Office, Artificial Intelligence Algorithms, 
Machine Learning Models. 
 
Brief about Programming Skills 
 
➢ Deep Understanding of Basic Concepts of Syntax and Data Types. 
➢ Object Oriented programming (OOPs) concepts. 
➢ Decision control Instructions, Strings,  Arrays, Pointers, Functions, Recursion, 
Structures, File Input /Output etc… 
➢ Uses of common Python Libraries :- Pandas, Numpy, Keras, TensorFlow, Scikit-
Learn, Matplotlib, SciPy, Theano, PyGame, PyTorch, PyBrain and many more… 
➢ Uses of all database management systems :- Hirerarchical, Network,Relational, 
Object-Oriented, Graph, ER Model, Document, NoSQL database management 
systems. 
➢ Uses of HTML concepts  to develope Front end and Backend  Web pages. 
Categories of HTML :- Transitional, Strict,frameset. 
➢ Uses of MS Office 365 Tools :- Word, Powerpoint, Access, Ecxel, Publisher, 
OneNote, Outlook, OneDrive , Microsoft Team. 
 
Brief about AI & ML Algorithm and Models Skills 
 
➢ Types of Learning In AI concept uses are :- 1.Artificial Narrow Intelligence (ANI)   
2.Artificial General Intelligence (AGI)  3.Artificial Super Intelligence (ASI) 
 
➢ Type Of AI System concept learned:- 1.Reactive Machine AI   2.Limited Memory AI  
3.Theory Of Mind AI   4.Self-aware AI. 
 
➢ Some domains of AI used to solve real-world projects:- 1.Machine Learning  2. Deep 
Learning  3.Neural Network(NN)  4.Natural Processing Language(NLP)   5.Computer 
Vision(CV)  6.Robotics  7.Expert Systems  8.Fuzzy Logic  9.Meta-Learning and many 
 
➢  Some Machine Learning Models are use :-  
 
1.Classification  2.Clustering  3.Regression  4.Dimensionally Reduction  5. Association rule. 
1. Supervised Learning   2. Unsupervised Learning   3. Semi-Supervised Learning   4. Reinforcement Learning. 
 
➢ Some Regression models are use :- 1.Linear regression  2.Decision Tree  3.Random 
Forest  4. Neural Network. 
 
➢ Some Classification models are uses :- 1.Binary  2.Multi-class  A. Logistic Regression  
B. Support Vector Machine  C. Naive Bayes 
➢ Some Unsupervised Learning models are use :-  1.Clustering  2.Association Rule  
3.Dimensionally Reduction. 
 
➢ Some  Reinforcement Learning models are use :- 1.Q-Learning  2.(State-Action-
Reward-State-Action(SARSA)  3.Deep Q Neural Network(DQNN) 
 
Education 
 
         
         Bachelor of Technology - B.Tech(Computer Science)  , 71%                              2014 - 2018 
Rajasthan Technical University, RTU  ,   Jaipur 
 
➢ In 2014 starts career with interest in basic knowledge of programming languages in  
➢ C, C++, Java, Python, PHP, HTML-CSS, DBMS, SOL, MYSQL, MS Office 
 
➢ In 2015 starts some competitive programming skills from Git-Hub, Geeks-for-Geeks,  
➢ Hacker Rank, Hacker-Earth, Code-forces, Code-chefs and many other platforms. 
 
➢ In  2016  gradually in 3rd year, I found myself and attract 
towards various algorithm and application of Programming in 
the real world projects. 
 
➢ In  2017  final year however  real-time projects roles leads 
towards Application of Artificial Intelligence and Machine 
Learning Algorithms and models. 
 
         
      Higher Secondary school 12th CBSE, PCM and Computer Science,   66%           2012 - 2014 
    Kendriya Vidyalaya Danapur Cantt (KVD), Patna 
 
 
 
Secondary School 10th CBSE , Science, Maths And Computer,  10 CGPA,      2010 - 2012 
Sunshine Residential Public School, Maner, Patna 
 
 
Personal Details 
 
Father's Name - Chandra Bhushan Singh 
Date of Birth - 2nd March 1997 
 
 

 
Jagadeesh Karri 
        +91 80749 23672                                                              Jagadeesh Karri 
         jagadeesh2102@gmail.com                          
         Jagadeesh Karri Portfolio 
PROFILE SUMMARY 
To Secure a position in IT industry that utilizes my knowledge and skills in 
programming, web development, and other related areas. 
EDUCATION  
Degree/Course                                  CGPA/Percentage                Year of passing 
B. Tech                                                                           8.97                                                      2022 
Vignan's institute of information technology 
Intermediate                                                               88.6%                                                  2018 
Sri Chaitanya junior college  
School                                                                             8.8                                                         2016 
New horizon high school 
SKILLS 
  Proficient in python and Java Programming languages. 
  Familiar with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and react framework. 
  Understanding of UI/UX principles. 
  Basic Knowledge of MySQL, Git and GitHub version control systems. 
  Good Communication and interpersonal skills.  
PROJECTS  
 
 
  Portfolio: Developed a personal portfolio website using HTML, CSS and 
JavaScript, showcasing my programming abilities and professional experience. 
  Netflix-Clone: Developed a clone website using ReactJS, redux toolkit, firebase, 
Google auth, stripe, CSS, HTML. 
  Theme-Calculator: Developed using Html, CSS, JavaScript. 
  Responsive Music-App: Developed using Html, CSS, JavaScript. 
WORKSHOPS 
  2 Days workshop on “hybrid vehicle design” from moto sports engineers. 
  2 Days workshop on “Biped robot”. 
  5 Days Bootcamp on “JavaScript Essential Bootcamp”. 
 
CERTIFICATIONS 
  Course completion of python by FLM Edu Tech. 
  Certified on Java Skill test in Hacker Rank. 
  Course completion of Java full stack by Digital-Lync. 
  Course completion certificate of react.js by Udemy E-learning platform. 
INTERESTS/HOBBIES 
  Fitness activities. 
  Photography and Videography. 
STRENGTHS 
  Effective Communication Skills. 
  Creativity and Innovation. 
  Strong Work ethic. 
  Attention to detail. 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
  Name: Karri Jagadeesh 
  Father's Name: K Brahmaji 
  Date of birth: 21-feb-2001 
  Gender: Male 
  Nationality: Indian 
  Address: Visakhapatnam, AndhraPradesh-530046 
DECLARATION   
 
      I do hereby declare that above mentioned information is true and to the best of my 
knowledge. 

 EMPLOYMENT DETAILS 
CERTIFICATIONS/TRAINING 
DIGITAL MARKETING SKILLS 
SOCIAL MEDIA EXECUTING 
MOLLI HARIKA 
I am interested in securing a Position, where my abilities and qualifications can be fully applied to 
our mutual benefit. I take pride in myself and my work, and derive Considerable satisfaction from 
doing an assignment well. I respond well to a Challenge and enjoy the opportunity to enjoy the 
rewards of hard work and Dedication. My motto in life is “view every problem as an opportunity 
to prove myself” 
OBJECTIVE 
PU 
Name of
Program 
 
UG 
Narayana Junior 
College 
Board / Institution / 
University 
 
Mount Carmel College 
Specialization 
Maths, Physics 
&Chemistry. 
Computer and statistics. 
73.50 % 
% Marks / 
CGPA 
 
68.09 % 
2017 
Year 
of
Passing 
 
2020 
Completed “MS-Excel (2018 - 2019) 
Completed “C, C++” (2018 - 2019) 
Completed “Html & SQL” (2019 - 2020) 
Content Creating 
Concept Creating  
Copywriting 
Social Media Executing 
Canva - Designing 
Facebook 
Instagram 
LinkedIn 
YouTube 
Twitter 
ACADEMIC RECORD 
As a "Volunteer at U&I educational NGO” Bangalore, from October 2020 to March 2020
As a  "Freelancer" Self-Employee. Bangalore, from May 2020 to July 2021 
First EBook in Amazon KDP: HAPPEN  ( followed by Real Life Incidents ) 
Freelance Content Writer- Cruisemax sports
As a "Content Writer" VK Neophytech (P) Ltd. Bangalore, from January 2022 to June 2022
As a "Social Media Executive" at Maa Homes Bangalore, from July 2022 to March 2023
https://www.linkedin.com/in/niha-harika-148a66231/ 
nihah26@gmail.com
+91 9505063503
English 
Hindi 
Languages 
Date of Birth
DD-MM-2023
Bangalore 
Designing
Travelling
Singing
Dancing 
Speak 
05-May-1999 
Proficiency
Mr. Molli Srinivasa Rao 
Female 
Write 
Leadership skill 
Good collaboration and co-ordination skills
Can work with large teams 
Target driven 
Address 
Telugu 
E-mail ID 
Mobile NO. 
Languages 
Speak 
Bangalore, 
Karnataka
 
nihah26@gmail.com
+91 9505063503 
Proficiency 
(Molli Harika) 
I here by declare that all the above furnished information regarding me is all correct and true to the
best of my knowledge. 
Write 
 

 
 

 
 

 



DECLARATION 
PERSONAL SKILLS 
INTERESTS 
LANGUAGES 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Read
Read
Father's Name
Gender

Mehul Mertiya 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gender: Male  Date of birth: 01/03/1999  Nationality: Indian  
 
Home : 29/1, Onkarmal Jetia Road, Near Nabanna Bus Terminus, 711103, Howrah, India 

 Email: mehulmertiya@gmail.com 
Phone: (+91) 7003730317

Whatsapp Messenger: +91 8420415681 

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/mehulmertiya/?hl=en 

Other language(s): 
Bengali 
LISTENING B2 READING A1 WRITING A1 
SPOKEN PRODUCTION B2 SPOKEN INTERACTION B2 
English 
LISTENING C1 READING C1 WRITING B2 
SPOKEN PRODUCTION B2 SPOKEN INTERACTION B2 
ABOUT ME  
I am a highly motivated person always excited to learn new things. My aim is to deliver quality in
any organization I work and keep improving in every phase of my personal and professional life. 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE  
[ 03/01/2022 - 11/04/2023 ]  Social Media Executive 
CricTracker Private Limited 
City: Bengaluru 
Country: India 
I've worked as a brand manager looking after the social media team. I have been working with
clients for more than a year delivering high-quality and unique content keeping in mind the larger
audience. I have also been involved in strategies in the video team and posting videos on all social
media platforms including Youtube.
Tools- Meta Business Suite, CrowdTangle, YouTube Studio, Canva, Hootsuite
EDUCATION AND TRAIN‐
ING  
[ 04/2014 - 04/2016 ]  Higher Secondary 
Shree Maheshwari Vidyalaya
 
Address: Kolkata, India 
[ 06/2016 - 07/2018 ]  Coursework in B.com 
Bhawanipur Education Society College
 
Address: Kolkata, India 
DIGITAL SKILLS  
Facebook |  Instagram |  LinkedIn |  YouTube |  Microsoft Oﬃce |  Inﬂuencer Marketer |  User
Growth Marketing |  Social Media Measurement |  Content Development Strategy |  Actionable
Insights |  Problem Solving and Analytical Skills |  Adaptability |  ORM |  Content Research |
Twitter 
LANGUAGE SKILLS  
Mother tongue(s): Hindi 

SHUBHAM KUMAR
To associate myself with an organization to prove my innovative skills and to work in a position where
my skills and knowledge are utilized in the best possible way , which provides me with an opportunity
for growth in my professional career and also contribute to the growth of the organization.
8969705698
devi mandap road, lower tiril,
kokar, Ranchi, India
03 March, 2000
linkedin.com/in/shubham-
kumar-890b1320a
SKILLS
JAVA
ADVANCE JAVA
OOPS
SQL
PYTHON
FRONT END WEB
DEVELOPMENT
DATA STRUCTURE
LANGUAGES
JAVA
Full Professional Proﬁciency
C
Full Professional Proﬁciency
C++
Full Professional Proﬁciency
INTERESTS
Sports
Music
Travelling
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Technology
College of engineering Bhubaneswar
 
Intermediate
Surendranath centenary school ,ranchi
2016 - 2018, 
Percentage=58.4
major in science
Matriculation
Kendriya vidyalaya ccl hehal ranchi
2016, 
CGPA=8.0
INTERNSHIP/TRAINING
Technical internship Department with CUREYA
Disruptive technology-AI , ML , DS and APP
07/2021 - 08/2021, 
CERTIFICATES
Certiﬁcate for completion of JAVA training (08/2019)
Certiﬁcate for completion of ADVANCE JAVA training (11/2020)
Certiﬁcate for completion of PYTHON training (11/2020)
PERSONAL PROJECTS
Student Result History
This project is basically made with using JAVA and SQL and its objective to show the result of a student
from a local database when its registration number is entered and it provide the basic features of edit ,
update , delete , the record in a database.
Bank Management System
This project is basically made with using JAVA and SQL and its objective to show how bank works for
transactions.
ACHIEVEMENTS
Runnerup in college Mr roadies in tech fest.
First in inter college volleyball match.
First in Fete in college tech fest.
Participated in the college seminar on topic Cyber Security
Courses
shubhamkumar82354@gmail.com
 
2018 - 2022
CGPA=8.89

Gajal Dalmia
Tel: 7008447566 | Email: gajaldalmia@gmail.com
Sindurpank,Sambalpur,Odisha 768005
Nationality: Indian | Marital Status: Unmarried | Religion: Hindu | Birthday: 19.09.1996
Objective
To secure a challenging position in a reputable organization to expand my learnings, knowledge, and skills.
Secure a responsible career opportunity to fully utilize my training and skills, while making a signiﬁcant
contribution to the success of the company.
Work Experience
05/2022 - Nowadays
TTEC
Respond to customer queries and customers concern.
  Demonstrates effective, clear and professional written and oral communication.
attendance.
  Actively seek solutions through logical reasoning
  Provide excellent customer service to our customers
  You should be responsible to exhibit capacity for critical thinking and analysis.
  Responsible to showcase proven work ethic, with the ability to work well both independently and within
the context of a larger collaborative environment
  Basic knowledge of how digital payments work required
04/2020 - 04/2022
Frontrow
Business development executive and Customer Support-Operations
Business and revenue growth
Researching, planning, and implementing new target market initiatives
Researching prospective accounts in target markets
Pursuing leads and moving them through the sales cycle
Developing quotes and proposals for prospective clients
Setting goals for the business development team and developing strategies to meet those goals
Training business development staff
Attending conferences and industry events.
Communicate with the customer in real-time.
Provide updates on the status of the order.
Customer service Representative -International
  Maintains acceptable performance metrics such as quality, productivity, first contact resolution, and
  Demonstrates strong problem-solving capabilities and assist customers in case of any issues
Assist the customer with any issues they have with their orders, products, or services.
Answer any questions about the company's policies and procedures.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Mentorbox 0201-02020
HR recruiter and operations
 
 
 
 
Education
Type your text
Type your text
05/2018 - 05/2020
MTECH IN ELECTRICAL ENGG.
VSSUT, BURLA
8.5
04/2014 - 05/2018
Btech
IGIT SARANG
8.6
05/2012 - 05/2014
12th CBSE Board
Vikash Bargarh
71%
10/2000 - 05/2012
10th CBSE Board
Madnawati Public School
9.6 cgpa
Skill
Critical thinking and problem solving.
Teamwork and collaboration.
Professionalism and strong work ethic.
Oral and written communications skills.
Leadership.
Time management skills.
-Email Drafting 
Proofeeading
Communications skills
Ms Ofﬁce-Ms Excel,
Ms Word,
Powerpoint, Outlook
Translations,
Salesforce
Multi tasking 
Leadership
Interest
Music, Dancing , Gardening, Cricket

https://u.pcloud.link/publink/
show?code=kZCzfBVZRzhtbjbKXK4lRBIeFUrL6powlopX

Asos
ASOS is a destination for fashion-loving 20-
somethings around the world, with the purpose to
give its customers the confidence to be whomever
they want to be 
Group Project
LANGUAGE
PROJECTS
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
FULL STACK DEVELOPER
Rahul Singh
Deoria, Uttar Pradesh
Linkedin
ranafd9984@gmail.com
TECHNICAL SKILLS
EXPERIENCE
Electrical Trainee
SOFT SKILLS
Individual Project
Digital Garage
EDUCATION 
9984744805
A  passionate Full Stack Developer, a 
lifelong learner, and skilled in front- 
end Development. Knowledge of 
Core Javascript.High adaptability to 
learn new technologies quickly and 
pay attention to details. Aims to 
leverage expertise and build world- 
class web applications while 
facilitating organization in achieving 
functional goals.
Full Stack Web Development 
Masai School
04/2022-present
courses
Web Development
Diploma in Electrical Engineering
Prasad Institute of Technology
07/2015-07/2018
Lucknow
React | Redux | React-Redux |
 
 
Adaptability | Problem-solving
Bharat Electronics Limited,Ghaziabaad
07/2019-08/2020
This free platform provides free Technical and
Non-Technicals tutorials to learn to improve their
skills.  
Developed all functionality
Made all the pages
Responsibility
Html, CSS, JavaScript
Tech-stack
Features
Landing Page, filter part, login, Sign-Up,TutorialsPage
Responsibility
Developed all filter Functionality 
Made all the Product pages
Tech-stack
Html, CSS, JavaScript
React, React-Redux
Thunk
Axios
Chakra Ui
React-Icons
Features
filter part, login, Sign-Up
Edit, Delete, Post Function
Github
Portfolio
(Full time)
JavaScript | Html | CSS |
Team-Work 
Data Structures and Alogrithms
Hindi 
English


Lingareddy Sruthi
E-Mail
: lingareddysruthi97@gmail.com
Mobile
: 8088440132
Linkedin : www.linkedin.com/in/sruthil
Objective:
To pursue an intellectual & challenging career and looking for a position
in an organization where I can learn and make the most of the
experience.
Academic Profile:
Class
Year of
Passing
College/School
Percentage
BE (CSE)
June 2023
Dayanand Sagar
University
6.60 CGPA
Intermediate
(PUC)
2019
Narayana Junior
College
9.0. CGPA
10th
2017
Sri Chaitanya
Techno School
9.7 CGPA
Extracurricular Activities:
  I have been House captain for 1 year and assistant house captain
for 1 year.
  Have actively taken part in sports and games at school level.
  Volunteered in Robinhood Army for 1 year.
  Participated as a volunteer for college fests.
Skills:
  Python
  HTML
  CSS
  Java Script
Projects:
  Online Medical Booking.
  Performing Arts Studio Website.
  IOT based health monitoring system for pregnant ladies.
  Currently working on outlier detection in high dimensional data.
Certificates:
  Python(Basic) - HackerRank Certificate
  Problem Solving(Intermediate) - HackerRank Certificate
  JavaScript(Intermediate) - HackerRank Certificate
  CSS - HackerRank Certificate
Other courses:
  Crash course on Python - Coursera - Google
  Programming for Everybody (Getting started with Python) -
Coursera - University of Michigan
  Python Data structures - Coursera - University of Michigan
  Divide and Conquer, Sorting and Searching, and Randomized
Algorithms - Coursera-Stanford University
  Introduction to Back-End Development - Coursera - Meta
  Introduction to Front-End Development - Coursera - Meta
  Programming in Python - Coursera - Meta
  Version Control - Coursera - Meta
Personal Information:
Date of Birth : 03-10-2002
Gender
: Female
Father name : Lingareddy Murali Krishna Reddy
Mother name : Lingareddy Radhika
Nationality
: Indian
Languages
: English - Full professional proficiency
Telugu - Native language
Hindi - Full professional proficiency
Kannada - Elementary proficiency
Address
: L.Murali Krishna Reddy
House No: 66, 4th cross Kanakapura road
Near Banashankari Metro Station,
Shakambari Nagar, Bengaluru, Karnataka
560078.
Hobbies
: Listening Music, Dancing , Reading



Name: Adnan Shakil Farrukh
DOB: 19thMarch 1990
Current Address: 28, Beniapukur road, Kolkata-700014
Permanent Address: 10B, Anjuman Road, Kolkata- 700014
Phone No: +919830377502
Email id: adnanshakil1990@gmail.com
Mission: Creative adaptation of state of the art technology and
being in tune with the changing times.
PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE_
1. Internship in Prime Watch as a Photographer.
2. Event Management Internship in British Council
Kolkata at Kolkata book Fair.
3. Videographer in P.S events and other West
Bengal University events.
4. Editing Ilead website videos in Final Cut proand
Adobe premiere Pro.
5. Documentary Film making.
6. Internship in Ogilvy and Mather Mumbai as a
Copywriter.
7. Internship in United Way Kolkata (NGO) as acreative
Manager and Video Maker.
8. Video Editor and Cinematographer and Social
Media Manager at 92.7 Big Fm. (Mumbai) 2018 -
December 2019
9. Freelance Cinematographer and Social Media
Manager at Going to School (NGO)
10. 8 years of Experience in using Social Media
tools such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter,
LinkedIn, YouTube, Google Ads and Analytics.
11. Online Digital Marketing Course (6 weeks
course)
12. Digital Content Creator at Caring Minds,
Institute of Mental Health (Contractual), 2020-
2022
13. Cinematographer at Milaap Org, April 2022 - March 2023
EDUCATION
2014 - 2016
Maulana Abul Kalam Azad University of Technology
(MAKAUT) M.Sc in Mass Communication Advertisingand
Journalism
2010 - 2013
Punjab Technical University (PTU) B.SC Mass
Communication Advertising and Journalism
2008 - 2010
Indian School certificate (ISC)
St Paul`s Mission -12th STD
Distinction 1st Rank
Languages: English, Hindi, Urdu, Bengali
Hard Skills: Final Cut Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe premiere,
Adobe audition, Nuendo, Logic Pro X, Registered Drone Pilot
Interests: Cinematography, Reading, writing scripts, visualizing,
listener, researcher, Drone Pilot, Observing.
PROJECTS_
Curricular Projects
i)
Conceptualizing television show and presentation
ii)
Dubbing for videos in Nuendo, Logic Pro X
iii)
Making and scripting a short fiction andEditing
iv)
Edited a Documentary Film JATRA Street play
Extracurricular Projects
I)
Photography at Prime watch and ITI.
II)
Short fiction film for digitalfilmmaking.
III)
Organized Film festival in Ilead.
IV)
Acted in the famous play “Night of January 16”.
V)
Video recording and editing for various Ilead Events.
ACHIEVEMENTS
 Certificate of excellence for Digital Film Making.
 Certificate of excellence for Indo French Film festival“our
films their films.”
 Certificate of excellence for Exemplary TechnicalSupport.
 Certificate of excellence for successfully completinginternship
at Ogilvy and Mather with a Positive Feedback.
 1st Prize winner for Ad Spoof awarded by Prahlad Kakkar.
 Award Winner at Nez International Film Festival for makinga
travel Video. Category “World Showcase Film.”
 Won a GoPro camera from Flare Studio London formaking a
Travel Video. (Travel Video Link given below)
 Certificate of Festival Special Mention atChambal
International Film Festival for Bhutan.
 Certificate of Official Selection at Chambal International Film
Festival for The Pride of Calcutta.
 Certificate of Best Concept Documentary at Chambal.
 International Film Festival for Abuse of Plastic.
WORKS
Instagram Page: Adnan`s Cinematic Vlogs
https://instagram.com/adnanshakilfarrukh?utm_medium=copy_link
YouTube Channel
https://www.youtube.com/user/adnan19901000/videos
LinkedIn Page
https://www.linkedin.com/in/adnan-shakil-farrukh-0a002197/
Twitter Page
https://twitter.com/AdnanShakilFar1
Facebook Page
https://www.facebook.com/adnancinematic/?ref=aymt_homepage_panel
&eid=ARB2nJVzCYOa_bVtFQ2iho-
7nMjB0CizLSxaBcW1uODHtEtErPR-L-
cI4b0XRkL1UaP9DUVbNnJjs5oG
Links:
Spiti Winter Expedition
Sunderban Travel Film
Bhutan Travel Film Music Video
Product Review (Not an unboxing Video)
Corporate Video
Victoria Memorial - Kolkata - Travel film
Hyderabad Golconda Fort Travel Film
MT. ABU travel Film
Kolkata's Green taxi Film
Milaap Film 1
Milaap Film 2
Milaap Film 3
Dhun Badal Ke Toh
Dekho Rap Song by
VidyaBalan
Breaking theGlass
Ceiling Behind The
Scenes | Vidya Balan
Food Photography
Samples

S O F T W A R E  E N G I N E E R
Hyderabad 
7995421405 
pedapudiseshasaina111@gmail.com 
SESHASAINA
PEDAPUDI
S K I L L S
P R O F E S S I O N A L  E X P E R I E N C E
SAS analytical language used in this project along with conversion of sas code to Python       
code using sas studio and flask.
Automatic number plate recognition is the project wheather the rider having helmet or
not in the traffic,according to that the penalities are made using flask,Socketio,and
pandas in pycharm(IDE)
SAS to PYTHON
Automatic Number Plate Recognition
P R O J E C T S
Automatic Tablet Providing Machine 
Worked on this as part of B.Tech major Project.It is a helpful device for person with disability
or old persons.This device helps us to take medicines time to time and the quantity of the
medicine that a person really want, It gives a notification sound for alerting the patient. 
C E R T I F I C A T I O N S
Online Training Certificates For Python
B.Tech - MECHANICAL
Rajiv Gandhi university of knowledge and Technologies, RK Valley
Percentage - 84.0 
PYTHON
pandas 
Numpy 
SocketIO 
Pyspark 
Rabbitmq 
DATABASES
DBeaver
Cassandra
SQL
SQLAlchemy
AUTOMATION TESTING
Selenium
REDIS
KAFKA
SAS
Hive
ORM
MQTT
INNOMINDS Software pvt.ltd - Big Data Analyst
 05/2022 - 05/2023 
SAS certificate from SAS studio 
MYSQL training certificate from GreatLearning
Course completion certificate on cassandra 
E D U C A T I O N
Pre University Course
Rajiv Gandhi University of Knowledge and Technologies, RK Valley 
Percentage - 84.0 
10th standard
Government boys high school 
Percentage - 95.0

 
 
SHAMANTH K S  
Email ID: ks.shamanth1701@gmail.com 
Contact No.: +91 8951816294  
DOB: 16/01/1997 
 
INTRODUCTION 
I am a filmmaker who has experience in working in almost all the technical departments involved in 
Filmmaking. I believe it is important for a Filmmaker to understand the possibilities, limitations, 
workflows, ins and outs of every department as filmmaking is a collaborative art. I can add a lot of 
value as a video producer with my work experience and knowledge in every department and take a 
 lot of learning back and enrich my experience. 
ACHIEVEMENTS 
  
Topped in the All-India entrance test and interview process of Film and television institute 
of India (FTII), for the three-year PG course in Filmmaking with specialization in sound 
recording and sound design in the year 2019.                                        
EDUCATION 
            Bachelor's degree in Engineering from SJCE college, Mysore.  
 
 
SKILLS 
  
Video Editing:  More than three years of experience in editing . 
Tools : premiere pro, Davinci Resolve. 
  
More than three years of experience with Blender in VFX and motion graphics creation 
  
More than three years of experience in Motion graphics creation in After effects  
  
Dynamic typography and 2D VFX: After effects. 
  
Director of photography (DOP)/cinematographer (camera operating and lighting): 
I am aware of exposure technique, lighting units, grips, electricity requirement, diffusion materials 
and various way to control light to achieve desired result. 
  
Digital intermediate (D.I) - Davinci resolve:  
I am equipped with various techniques available in Davinci resolve to achieve desired result. 
  
I have thorough knowledge of colour management in Davinci resolve 
  
Sound design: Pro tools, Fairlight- resolve 
  
Script Writing 
  
Visual effects. 
  
 
EXPERIENCE 
 
  I have worked in an audio studio called Aarohana in Mysore as assistant sound engineer 
  I have handled end to end video productions be it live action shooting, Stock footage video 
production, graphic animation videos.  
  I have worked as a cinematographer and editor and DI colourist in corporate videos 
and short narratives 
  I have experience in VFX production and VFX cinematography, as I have worked with 
After Effects and Blender for 3D VFX and learnt the ins and outs of VFX at a director 
level. 
  I have experience working with storyboard artists to translate ideas into storyboards, for 
effective communication and smooth workflow between people involved at different 
stages of video production. 
  I have experience in handling and overseeing sound designing, dubbing, sync sound 
recording for many short narratives and know the importance sound in cinema. 
  I am currently working as a Video producer in Goodworker  
 
 
 
WORK 
 
  
The Corporate video shot, edited and produced by me for TVS  :  https://vimeo.com/665212997 
  
Video I produced and edited using original 3d and 2d  motion graphics I created :  
https://vimeo.com/812443685 
  
Typography Ad for the services I provide: https://vimeo.com/696547994 
  
Video I conceptualized and produced for an NGO using Stock footage and 2D AND 3D animation: 
https://vimeo.com/755088727 
  
My Cinematography showreel: https://vimeo.com/499883466 
 
 
 
 

AAKANKSHA BAISHWADE
+91-7471176966
akanshabaishwade@gmail.com
SKILLS
Python
Django & Django Rest
Framwork
NLP/ML
Security /
Authentication
Routing
Debugging
Caching
Scraping
Test-cases / Testing
Aws
WORK EXPERIENCE
Jr. Django Developer | RankItRight Media 
Oct 2021 - OCT 2022
Developed and maintained web applications using Python,
Django, DRF and MySQL.
Data scraping with BeautifulSoup and Scrapy.
Developed data caching systems using Redis.
API testing using Postman, verifying functionality and data
integrity through various HTTP methods (GET, POST, PUT,
etc.).
Developed automated tests for web applications using
Python.
Django Query Optimization  for Seamless User Experience.
Performance Optimization
Problem Solving
HTML, Css, JavaScript
Server Management
SQL, PostgreSQL
Git&Github
Linux &Windows
Postman
Visual Studio Code/PYcharm 
Jira/ Excel
Pandas/ NumPy
Project name 
Role and Responsibility
Django Developer | Intemize 
Oct 2022 - Present
COLLEGE PROJECT
Role and Responsibility
Designing and Implementing data storage solutions.
Creation and Integration of Restful APIs.
Create model relationships by using Django. 
Create  functions for calculation of BMI and BMR using
property decorators.
Email Otp verification.
Create custom signals for custom Notifications  with
email. 
Implemented authentication systems using OAuth2 and
JWT.
Code Refactoring and Optimization.
Used third party API including Google API's.
Project name  
Ful.io (Data Analysis Tool)
Obesity(Hospital Management System)
SCM (Supply Chain Management System)
MediConnectAI (Advancing Medical Research
with Artificial Intelligence)
1.
2.
3.
Django Developer
total experience- 1.7 year's
EDUCATION
Government Girls' Polytechnic College, Bilaspur:-
Diploma in Computer Science (Jan 2018 - Jun 2020)
Grade: 70/100
C.M. Dubey Postgraduate College, Bilaspur:-
B.Com/ Bachelor of Commerce (Jan 2020 - Jun 2022)
Grade: 76/100
Sarswati Shishu Mandir, Ratanpur:-
12th | 75% (Jan 2017)
10th | 83% (Feb 2015)
CERTIFICATE & ACHIEVEMENT 
Python Basic Certification by HackerRank.
Gold Badge for Python on HackerRank.
Python Data Structures and Algorithms Certification on
LinkedIn
Natural Language Processing (NLP) LinkedIn
Certification. 
SQL Essential Training Certification. 
Learning Git and GitHub Certification.
Problem-Solving Techniques Certification.
CSS &  HTML Certification
My Portfolio, Website
jan 2021 - march 2021
Dukan, E-shop
March 2021 - April 2021
It was made with the help of the Django web
framework, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, and SQLite.
It is an internet store with sections for clothes, veggies,
technology, and food.
In this the user can Register, login & logout.
The user can also view the list of products and add them
to their cart.
The user can also view their order history and manage
their profile.
It has a built in  HTML CSS and BootStrap.
Here I've included  list of projects I have completed
using Django including links to the code and live
demos.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Abhay Kamble   
 
 
 
 
 
 
                 
Address: Peth Vadgaon, Kolhapur 
email id:  abhaykamble87@gmail.com                                                            Contact: +918888466144                          
 
 
                                                                                                                           
 
Academic Background  
 
 
College/School 
University/Board 
Year of 
Passing 
% or 
Grade 
Post 
Graduate 
Diploma in 
Advanced 
Computing 
Centre for Development of 
Advanced Computing 
CDAC, Noida 
2023 
65% 
Degree 
Mechanical 
Ashokrao Mane Group 
Of Institutions 
Shivaji University 
2019 
59.70% 
Diploma 
Mechanical 
Ashokrao Mane Polytechnic 
MSBTE 
2015 
64.70% 
10th Class 
B  Y Highschool 
 
Kolhapur Board 
2012 
77.27% 
 
Technical Competencies:       
  Coding and Programming 
  Java, Spring boot, JSP, Hibernate, C, C++, MySQL 
  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React JS, Node JS, Express JS, jQuery 
  Microsoft .NET, C#, ASP.NET 
  Linux, GitHub,  Scrum, AWS, Docker 
  Database Management 
 
 
Academic projects: 
Title             :  Employee Task Management System                                                    
Description:  
            Employee Task Management is a web based application that provides an automated 
and centralized method of assigning, tracking and monitoring project by enabling 
supervisors to track employees work status who are working on various projects, performing 
tasks assigned to them.                                                            
 
Seminars/Certifications 
 
     Master Certificate Course in CAD/CAM  
     PC Hardware Maintenance 
     Skill Development 
     Maharashtra State Certificate in Information Technology(MSCIT) 
 
 
 
 
Co- Curricular Achievements and Activities  
 
  Participated in Debate Competitions in college events 
  Attempted Vipassana Meditation Courses 
  Cricket player in Annual College Sports 
 
Personal Competencies:  
  Analysis and Problem Solving 
  Quick Thinking and Learning 
  Team work 
 
Personal details  
 
  Date of Birth  
 
 
 
: 25/11/1996 
  Hobbies/Interests 
 
 
 
: Reading books, Watching movies, Swimming 
 
 
                                                                                 ************ 

Ankita apurba pattanaik
ankitaapurbapattanaik99@gmail.com
+917064692383
www.linkedin.com/in/ankita-apurba-pattanaik-272373210
Profile
Logical and organised individual with a strong foundation in soware engineering. Seeking to raise coding 
KPIs by providing error-free codes. Ability to translate business requirements into innovative soware 
solutions. Excellent teamwork, interpersonal and communication skills. Looking to start a career as an entry-
level professional with a reputed IT company.
Professional Experience
Intern
At Cozentus
worked with dotnet technology, database-pl/sql,sql and angular to make several 
web application projects.
01/2022 - 07/2022
Full Stack developer
At Cozentus
I was working on the technologies like dotnet, sql server and html, css, bootstrap , 
angular. 
07/2022 - 12/2022
Creating web application projects for the use of customers using the above 
mentioned technologies.
Skills
Angular
dotnet
Javascript
devops
pl/sql
Figma
SQl
html,css
php
Restful Api
React Native
python
Projects
Asset Management system
worked in technology - html,css,bootstrap,angular,dotnet using ado.net library , 
sql server, pl/sql .
03/2022 - 05/2022
ServiceDesk
Ticket management Tool
worked in the technology- html,css,bootstrap,angular,popper js,dotnet using 
ado.net library,sql server
06/2022 - 09/2022
Byb Application
Bring Your Buddies
worked in the technologies-html,css,bootstrap,angular,popperjs,javascript, 
10/2022 - 12/2022
jquery,dotnet using ado.net library and sql server
Payment Gateway Integration
worked with the technologies using html,angular,css,dotnet,javascript and mysql
05/2021 - 09/2021
Education
MCA
Institute of technical education and research
07/2020 - 07/2022
Graduation
Utkal University
07/2017 - 07/2020
12th
Christ College
07/2015 - 06/2017
Languages
Hindi,Odia,English
Certificates
Java Certification  completed
Level 1
Python
Level 1
Web Development
level 1
Acheivements
Got Best Academic Project Award From My College.
Got selected for college president.
Declaration
I hereby declare that above mentioned informations are true
Ankita apurba pattanaik

Lindi Qi 
Goldsmiths University of London
Hefei University
EDUCATION BACKGROUND
WORK EXPERIENCE
London，UK
10/2020 - 09/2022 
 
Courses：Mass Media，New Media Introduction，Website Design，Journalism Introduction，3Ds Max
 
Courses： Global Media，Mediate Violence，The UK Media Industry，Journalism，Geopolitics
Social-Touch｜Media Executive
Shanghai，China
03/2018- 06/2019 
Global Media & Transnational Communications | MASTER
Hefei，China
09/2012 - 07/2016
Journalism & Communications
Zeux ｜PA (Part-Time)
London，UK
07/2022- Present
 
Internal  Management: Independently complete the comprehensive and administrative affairs of the leadership office, including arranging 
travel itineraries, meeting arrangements and minutes, managing company budget expenses, expense reporting, and data archiving, etc.
 
Business Operations: Responsible for office location selection, tax registration and filing, vehicle tax and registration management, project 
procurement price negotiation, and other work.
London | kilunti_kiki@outlook.com | +44 7419298984
PingCoo｜Senior Media Executive
Shanghai，China
07/2019- 06/2020 
 
Media Maintenance: Communicate with integrated media channels, assist the marketing team in negotiating the annual media framework, 
collaborate with the technical team to build up the company's media data system, maintain the network of media relationships, undertake 
media projects for 4A clients, mainly responsible for L'Oreal Group.
 
Sourcing Development: Based on the company's strategy and market development plan, formulate annual investment strategies with the team, 
explore new platforms vendors such as Taobao, Douyin, Bilibili, etc., estimate the investment return rate of the media budget, also contact the 
market team to touch new customers.
 
Media Resources: Pitch and keep connections with media accounts based on brand requirements, analyze account followers' profiles, 
followers' loyalty, sales capability, and data traffic, cooperate with celebrities and top influencers posts such as Kan Qingzi, Li Jiaqi, and 
Xinshixiang, and accumulate top and middle-tier media resources in the market, reaching over 2000+. 
 
Strategy Plan: Independently responsible for small-scale project media strategies, assist in achieving landing goals for large-scale campaigns,
optimize channel reserve structure, and develop media promotion strategies based on project strategy. For example, for celebrity projects, 
expand the volume from fan community; for technical products, dig out professional domains for brand reputation promotion; for beauty 
category products, mainly focus on video evaluations to lay out media resources.
 
KOL Promotion: Evaluate the media value of the internally incubated accounts based on the project's matching degree and recommend 
suitable own influencers to clients.
JunoChina｜PR Specialist
Shanghai，China
10/2016- 02/2018 
 
Brand planning: Assist the project leader in completing the annual brand strategic planning, develop product communication themes and 
content plans based on client briefs, communicate project progress with design, marketing, and other teams. Have participated in more than 10 
brand planning activities, including the Be&Cherry Yang Yang live event and the Dazhong Dianping ten-year membership offline event.
 
Content operation: Participate in the construction of content matrix, produce materials based on different demands, responsible for building 
the company's WeChat official account and website, participate in brand activities for Fosun Group, Be&Cherry's new product releases, and 
public relations articles, script activities, H5 rule setting, and other copywriting work for brands.
 
Media management: Assist in maintaining media relations, inviting media to participate in brand activities and controlling events rundown, 
while tracking online public comments and completing media data display to clients.
PROJECT EXPERIENCE
Volvo Polestar Project｜Project Manager
Mamonde Cushion Project｜Project Executive
Project overview: The project aims to leverage the influence of popular celebrities to drive fan-based economy, create buzz on social media, and 
ultimately promote e-commerce and offline purchases to achieve a complete marketing loop. My task was to independently manage the entire 
project with a budget of over 2 million.
Responsibilities: 
 
Developed media placement strategies and negotiated pricing and specific placement plans with media outlets to ensure compliance with the 
budget. 
 
Tracked placement effectiveness and analyzed data to adjust placement plans based on actual results to improve activity efficiency and ROI.
 
Maintained relationships with media outlets, ensuring smooth communication and maximizing placement effectiveness. 
 
Placed resources on Weibo, fan groups, and all four major app platforms to achieve a total topic exposure of over 190 million.
Project results: By comprehensively utilizing the influencers and celebrities' fan community and social media, we successfully attracted a lot of
attention and discussion. Potential Customers participation and purchasing willingness also significantly increased, and the entire project received 
high praise from the company and clients.
SKILLS & HOBBIES
IT: Microsoft Office/ Photoshop/SQL
Language：English / Mandarin
Hobbies：Tennis / Traveling/Hiking
Project Overview: The Volvo new product project partnered with Sohu, Sina, and ATHM media to showcase the brand glory and racing culture 
of the Polestar model. Through online and offline activities in Chengdu, the project aimed to preview the power performance configuration of the 
Polestar model.
Responsibilities:
  Collaborate with authoritative bloggers and automotive websites to conduct a series of performance evaluations of the Polestar to increase the 
brand's recognitions. Set up H5 interactive games offline to actively engage potential customers and showcase interact with new customers.. 
  Managing media buying, price negotiations with media partners, and maximize the use of media budgets to voice the event , also increase 
media engagement both online and offline and expanding the coverage of advertising.
  Collect activity leads and data delivery results in the later stages of the project and deliver media performance to clients.
Project Results: Through effective promotion and media delivery strategies, the project attracted the attention of potential consumers and 
promoted sales growth.

 
| : +91- 776 051 6408 | : himanshu.dobhal24@gmail.com | GitHub: https://github.com/himanshudobhal  
Skype ID: dobhal.himanshu | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/himanshu-dobhal-3477701a0/  
P R O F E S S I O N A L B A C K G R O U N D  
  
  
Diligent and Innovative IT professional with over 12 years in NLP, Computer Vision, Image processing, Machine Learning, Deep 
Learning and Time Series especially enabling environmental/sustainability work, computer graphics, fundamental scientific research, 
space exploration, or personal assistive technologies with expertise in delivering quality software solutions  
  
Develop novel real-time 3D scene reconstruction techniques and deliver accurate visual odometry system.  
  
Develop algorithm for sensor fusion of Lidar data with RGB camera and IMU, 3D mapping, texture mapping.  
  
Competent in working on research & development of deep learning algorithms, computer vision and machine learning algorithms 
for exploring research in the areas of image processing/computer vision, and building automated machine vision systems across 
Automobile, Agricultural and Healthcare products  
  
Attained proficiency in solving high-value challenges using computer vision and machine learning in real world scenarios and 
Advanced analytics platforms to solve critical business problems  
  
Proven track record in Deep Learning models of CNN, GAN, traditional Image processing and Computer Vision like Classification, 
Segmentation, Object Recognition and tracking, face recognition, image enhancement and Multiple view geometry  
  
Experienced in working with various applications like patient moment monitoring and autocalibration of X-ray machine using depth 
camera by estimating the pose of OTS, Face Recognition and verification for surveillance, Image Stitching for ADAS system based on 
Fisheye lens also Optimization of Model and Deployment on Embedded Systems using Open vino  
  
Well-versed with Technical skills like Python, C++, Matlab, Machine Learning- Scikit-learn, StatsModels, Deep Learning: Tensorflow, 
Keras, PyTorch, etc.  
  
Skill Sets:  Research & Development | Generative AI | LLM | NLP | | Time Series | Computer Vision | Visual SLAM | 3D reconstruction | 3D 
Geometry | Image processing | Machine Learning | Deep Learning | Artificial Intelligence | Software Development | Python/C++ | Generative 
Adversarial Network VAE | Multiple rnel Learning | Auto Calibration | Image Enhancement | Object Recognition & Tracking | Face 
Recognition | Detection/Classification | Project & Team Management  
  
Technical Skills: Languages- Python, C++, Matlab | Machine Learning- Scikit-learn, StatsModels | Deep Learning- Tensorflow, Keras,  
PyTorch | LLM - OPEN AI, LangChain GPT 3.5 and 4 | Embedded Systems- Open vino | CV packages- Opencv, Skimage, Matlab toolkit | 
Scripting Languages- Perl, Bash shell |  
Plotting- Matplotlib, ggplot2 & Seaborn | Version Control Systems- Git, SVN | Operating System- Linux (Ubuntu, CentOS, Fedora), 
Windows  
  
E M P L O Y M E N T H I S T O R Y  
Jan 2023 - Present 
Principal Data Scientist | Asper.ai  
  
Implementing large language models (LLMs) across various turnkey products to enhance natural language processing 
capabilities and drive intelligent decision-making.  
  
LLM implementation to analyze statical data and query the database. (SQL , pandas data frame) 
  
Leveraging time series analysis techniques to provide accurate forecasting solutions in the Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) 
domain ( XGboost, CNN-LSTM, Wave net, ,Transformer time series) 
  
Passionate about integrating cutting-edge technologies to optimize business processes and deliver tangible value to clients 
 
  
 
  
  
  
HIMA   N   S   HU   D   O   BHA   L   
 
June 2021 - Nov 2022 
Solution Architect | Tooliqa Innovations India  
  
Implemented Sensor Fusion to get precious visual odometry for an indoor area (Sensor used:- lidar, RGB and IMU)  
  
Reduced extrinsic metric error using the ICP algorithm in frame-frame or frame-map while having depth error in lidar frame data.   
  
Data optimization on point cloud has been done using the octree data structure for high performance in calculation   
  
BIM structure has been formed using the basic structure shape (plane, cylinder and sphere) on the point cloud.   
  
Deep learning model (Yolo7, NERF,Efficient net) used for conversion of 2D to 3D and segmentation of 3D object from environment.   
  
Computed Camera Calibration for Converting depth image to Point cloud.  
 
Jul 2019 - May 2021  
Sr. Software Engineer | GE Healthcare, India  
  
Focusing on research and development of computer vision and machine learning algorithms related to object recognition, image 
enhancement, detection/classification, and identification/segmentation of human anatomy  
  
Actively participate in challenging software research projects for applying combination of Deep Learning, Natural Language 
Processing and Representation pipelines to design, analysis and engineering workflows for real world problems  
  
Analysing patient anatomy through X-ray & visual the moment on dashboard using contour from reference image to target image  
  
Designing/developing computer vision or deep learning AI object detection/ classification of light on/off condition inside X-ray room 
using live streaming videos  
  
Collaborating with architecture, research, libraries, software engineers, data engineers, designers, program management, and quality 
assurance to ensure prototypes and solutions are delivered efficiently and effectively  
  
Building application for auto calibration for X-ray machine using depth camera by estimating pose of different receptor type  
  
Participating in computer vision and deep learning-based model using Open vino (Intel SDK for deep learning) for inferencing in 
Embedded System  
  
Responsible for development of automated testing to measure quantitative impact of company's core technology on subsequent 
computer vision processing.  
  
Jan 2017 - July 2019  
Consultant | Vee Technologies, India  
  
Drive improvements to our core vision engine that models the 3D environment from 2D images  
  
Applied image processing techniques for running an incubator center (AIML R&D lab) in Sona College of Engineering with 
collaboration of VEE technologies  
  
Performed research and developed computer vision solutions/models for estimating decaying time of fruits and vegetables using 
hyperspectral images  
  
Implemented deep learning method of classification, segmentation and anomaly detection for grain identification  
  
Spearheaded the team of 20 members to enhance Research Associates, undergraduate/postgraduate students in Incubator center  
  
Involved in live product development for Grain type identification and quality of grains using images  
  
Technical approach to develop applications for Face Recognition & Verification of proctored exam HIREMEE APP and deployed in 
AWS server  
Sep 2016 - Jan 2017  
Senior Software Engineer | LEECO India Pvt. Ltd  
  
Stay up to date with the latest research in computer vision and machine learning as applied to the problem resolution  
  
Developed/deployed high-quality unit-tested, production photogrammetry software and POC for recommender system  
  
Collaborated closely with team members to solve tough computer vision problems and automated quality assessment  
  
Worked with engineering, design, operations and marketing other teams to optimize/execute our commercial software deployment  
  
Maintained high level of communications with the software development team and application engineers to enable progress of 
multiple projects and products  
  
Developed quality software for mission critical industrial applications optimized to be deployed on high performance platforms  
  
Provided image processing/Machine Learning software for quality inspection  
Mar 2013 - Sep 2016  
Senior Software Engineer | Bosch India & Germany  
  
Driven significant improvements in speed and quality from conception to production rollout and ongoing support  
  
Managed computer vision tasks such as image search, image segmentation, depth estimation, object detection, image editing, pose 
estimation, and generative image editing using  
  
Responsible for creation of Image based ego motion (pitch and roll rate) estimation using stereo camera  
  
Carried out Optical flow vector generation and Image harmonization of stitched images for near range camera  
  
Involved in Image enhancement for dashboard screen in the car (brightness and contrast)  
  
Coordinated with image quality testing engineers to optimize image quality and algorithm performance across a wide range of 
environmental conditions  
  
Developed & maintained end to end algorithm models for multi-camera imagers  
  
Research/implemented algorithms for image transformations with an eye towards performance and compression  
  
Assisted in development of the image processing space including image formats, computer vision, and new software  
  
P R I O R H I S T O R Y  
  
Oct 2012 - Mar 2013 | Consultant | Sony India Pvt. Ltd  
Feb 2011 - Oct 2012 | Software Engineer | ASDLABS, India  
  
E D U C A T I O N A L B A C K G R O U N D  
  
 2019  
Post Graduate Program in Artificial intelligence & Machine Learning | The Great Lakes Institute of Management, India  
 2011  
Master of Science in Embedded and Control System | University of Leicester, Leicester, England  
 2009  
Bachelor of Technology in Electronic & Communication | University of Rajasthan, India  
  

I have now spent 5 years in the digital world, creating marketing content in a variety of ways, and I have 
learnt a lot; I am still keen to grow and discover more. I started as a digital marketing apprentice and have 
worked my way up, successfully completing every challenge and potential pitfall along the way. Although it 
has been very busy, I have gained a wealth of knowledge in many areas and am excited at the opportunity 
to learn more.
I enjoy a good challenge and thrive in a busy environment. I have frequently been faced with tight deadlines, 
which I always meet, and have been told by work colleagues I always adapt quickly to any task given to me. 
Working for a smaller company has allowed me to show my capabilities doing tasks on my own but also 
how well I can communicate within a team to get the task completed to the highest standard.  
Milton Keynes College
  
CIM Level 4 award in digital 
marketing (Pass)
  
Principles of coding BCS Level 
3 (Pass)
  
Marketing principles Level 3 
(Pass)
  
Digital Marketing Level 3 (Pass)
Brand and Design Executive | June 2021 - May 2022 
It was my job to ensure all client facing collateral was branded correctly and designed to the highest level. I 
created all social media and website content as well  as event stands. I also designed presentations, reports and 
webinars for all members of the Springboard team. 
Marketing Executive | May 2020 - June 2021 
In this role I was able to put my skills to work and evaluate the marketing process we had in place and how 
to improve them. Within this time I created a new social  media strategy which improved engagement levels by 
43% on average across the channels. I also ran email campaigns for our new services and products. 
Digital Marketing Assistant | November 2018 - May 2020 
The team allowed me to assist with all marketing activities to expand my knowledge and gain expertise in certain 
areas. This included event work, email marketing and social media work. 
LAYLA GOTT  
CREATIVE DIGITAL MEDIA PRODUCER
Email: Lago7g@gmail.com
Social Media Content Producer | Jan 2023 - Present
  
Handle strategic planning, content strategy, and execution of posts across Wed2b's Instagram, Facebook, 
and TikTok.
  
Create all content that features on the Wed2b TikTok page. This includes BTS, Product based videos, Tiktok 
Trends, Competitions and fun brand awareness videos. 
  
Direct shoots on a biweekly basis capturing video and photo content for our socials. I create on-brand 
visuals using our photo studio, retail stores and location shoots.
  
Recieve a monthly budget for social shoots; I manage talent bookings, invoices, travel, locations and styling 
props.
  
Assist with the planning of campaign shoots with the design team. I ensure the appropriate content can be 
captured for socials, and additional images for use in emails and on the website.
Creative Graphic Designer | May 2022 - Jan 2023 
I created design guidelines for the social channels and newsletters to ensure the branding was cohesive and in 
line with new brand guidelines. I created a wide variety of new collateral for stores including posters, banners 
& flyers. I worked closely with the marketing and agency team to create a variety of static and video ads that 
featured on our social channels and in publications such as The Mirror.
SKILLS
SPRINGBOARD
WED2B
WORK EXPERIENCE
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Campaign Management
Marketing Strategy
Brand Strategy
EDUCATION
Graphic Design
Content Creation
Social Media Marketing

NIKHITHA REDDY 
Address: Hyderabad,  Telangana. 
Mobile: +91-6305074108. 
Email Id: nikhithareddy.t630@gmail.com 
Branch/Stream: Electronics  and Communication  Engineering. 
CAREER OBJECTIVE: 
To Achieve a responsible position and personal goals by exploring myself more 
efficiently in an industry with full determination and expand my knowledge by 
working hard and learning new technologies. 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 
Qualification 
 
Institution 
 
Year of 
pass 
 
Percentage 
 
 
 
B.TECH 
 
 
University college of 
Engineering and 
Technology for 
women. 
KU Campus, 
Warangal 
 
 
2023 
 
 
 
83% 
 
 
Intermediate 
 
 
TSWREIS College 
Mattampally, 
Suryapet 
 
 
2019 
 
 
92% 
 
 
10
th     Standard 
 
 
TSWREIS Nakrekal 
Nalgonda(D) 
 
 
2017 
 
 
92% 
 
COMPUTER SKILLS: 
Languages: C, Python. 
Database: SQL. 
Other Technologies:  Networking skills(Protocols, Troubleshooting, 
Cisco IOS Commands, etc), Knowledge on Cyber Security, 
Experience Knowledge on Cisco packet tracer, Knowledge on 
PowerPoint. 
SKILLS 
 
Problem solving.
 
Willing to learn.
 
Knowledge on cloud.
 
Quick Learner.
 
Passion to learn.
INTERNSHIPS: 
 Successfully completed 2 months Internship in “MACHINE LEARNING WITH 
PYTHON” at 1Stop from 8th Apr 2022 10 13th Jun 2022.
In these Internship we had gone through the Python and basics of Machine 
learning and then deep introduction on Restaurant Review using NLP, 
Wireless Sound Control. 
PROJECTS: 
Internship - Machine Learning with Python 
 Restaurant Review using NLP.
 Wireless Sound Control.
Mini Project 1(ARDUINO): 
 I was done mini project in 5th Semester of B.Tech. 
 The main objective of this project is to save victims of borewell 
accidents,named as “CHILD RESCUE SYSTEM TO PROTECT FROM 
BOREWELL ACCIDENTS USING ZIGBEE(Technology). 
Mini Project 2(MATLAB): 
 I was done mini project in 7th Semester of B.Tech.
 The main Objective of this project is “LOSSLESS IMAGE COMPRESSION 
USING HUFFMAN TECHNIQUE” This project is aimed at optimizing the 
source file by using Huffman Code(lossless data compression) in today's
vastly expanding technical environment where quality data transmission has 
become necessary. 
CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES: 
 
Successfully completed the “C Programming and “Python Programming 
Organized by Task.
 
Participated in Relmagine challenge Conducted by unstop.
 
Participated in introduction to Git and Github conducted by Coding Ninjas.
 
Attended workshop on Cyber Security.
CERTIFICATIONS: 
 
PrepSAT Hiring Jobathon - I got 3054/90678 Rank.
 
Goldman Sachs - Based on Cracked Password Database using Hash- 
Cat(Cyber Security).
 
Forage - Accenture Nordics Developer Program.
STRENGTHS: 
o Leadership Qualities. 
o Team Worker & Communication Skills. 
HOBBIES: 
 
Yoga .
 
Teaching.
 
Gardening.
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES: 
 
Active participator in managing college fests.
 
Attended a one day workshop on “Satellite Communication” in Hyderabad.
 
Ncc Candidate.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
T.Nikhitha Reddy 

 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/margherita-
della-valle-8a29a92 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Business Planning
Business Strategy
Telecommunications
Languages
English
French
Italian
Margherita Della Valle
Group Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer at Vodafone
London, England, United Kingdom
Experience
Vodafone
29 years 3 months
Group Chief Executive
January 2023 - Present (7 months)
Group CFO
July 2018 - Present (5 years 1 month)
Deputy Group CFO
July 2015 - July 2018 (3 years 1 month)
Group Financial Controller
November 2010 - June 2015 (4 years 8 months)
Europe CFO
April 2007 - November 2010 (3 years 8 months)
Various roles
May 1994 - March 2007 (12 years 11 months)
Education
Università Bocconi
Master's degree in Economics, International Economics · (1983 - 1988)
 
Page 1 of 1

KALPESH DEORE
MOTION GRAPHICS  ARTIST &
2D ANIMATOR
Professional Experience
 Skills. 
Education Background
Professional Diploma In Animation
From Arena Animation Nashik, 2020 
T.Y.B.A  From Maharashtra State Board in
2022, Nashik, Sinnar
HSC From Maharashtra State Board in 2018
INFO.
kalpeshdeore8908@gmail.com
Nashik, Sinnar,Maharashtra-
422103
7972348073
Digz placements.LLP| Motion Graphics Artist - 
(July/2022 - Present)
Dash Technologies Event Videos & Internal
Animation videos.
Geta-job Program testimonials video & explainer
videos.
Digz placements Social media All videos.
Worked on Projects :
   Date of Birth - 26/Dec/2000
SSC From Maharashtra State Board in 2016
Good Knowledge of 2D Character Animation 
Good Organizational And Analytical Skills,
Ability to Solve Problems.
Ability to learn and Adapt quickly to new
Technologies.
Ability to work under pressure and meeting
deadlines. 
 HOBBIES. 
  
Games
   
  Music
     ✈ 
  Travelling
Knight Motion Media| Motion Graphics Artist - 
(Jan/2022 - July/2022)
Tarak mehta ulta chasma.
Asain Paint.
Blue star A/c & Purifier.
Sony Sub.
Khulke App.
Thermax Product.
Udchalo.
Bajaj Insurance.
Sony pal 
Worked on Projects :
Bluebells Animation studio (Haydrabad)Motion
Graphics Artist - Cum-2D animator 
(July/2020 - Jan/2022)
Byju's E-learning 
Topper
Disney
Animation short film
2D animation E-learning project.
Worked on Projects :
Showreel link.

NEHA GUPTA
Product Designer
Sr. UI/UX Designer
Goal-focussed UI/UX 
designer. Worked on 
different projects including 
design of cryptocurrency 
exchange, mobile app, 
wireframes, and improved 
UX.
(UI/UX)
SUMMARY
8 years of experience with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software  
industry.
Proﬁciency in handling project independently.
Developed landing pages, dashboards and online applications using Adobe XD, Adobe 
Photoshop, and Adobe Illustrator.
Completed full redesigns of existing websites to improve navigation, enhance visuals and 
strengthen search engine rankings.
Explore the ways to enhance the user experience and create a value proposition for the 
end user of the product and services being offered for user engagement and product 
enhancement.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Collected, deﬁned and translated user requirements into project designs and 
implementation plans.
Work closely with product owners, software developers, and other designers to create 
innovative design solutions.
Product Design
UI/UX Design
Prototype
Wireframing
Grid & Layout
Web Usability
Interface Design
Image Editing
Developed landing pages, dashboards and online applications using Adobe XD, Adobe 
Photoshop, and Adobe Illustrator.
Create user flows, wireframes, low-ﬁdelity and high-ﬁdelity design mockups.
Experience working in agile and product-centered environment.
Created eye catching and produced design mockups and prototypes to strengthen 
designs, enhance user experiences and improve site interactions.
Present and defend designs and key milestone deliverables to peers and executive level 
stakeholders
Oodles Technologies
DEC 2017 - JUNE 2021
Sr. Web Designer
Created visual concepts using computer software like Adobe Photoshop, to communicate 
ideas that inspire, inform, or captivate consumers.
Developed the overall layout and production design for advertisements, brochures, 
magazines, and templates.
Developed team communications and information for meetings. 
Arihant Webtech Pvt Ltd
JUNE 2016 - NOV 2017
Graphics & Web Designer
Managed a large variety of property marketing activities, including branding, ads, 
brochure development, flyers/e-flyers, direct mail campaigns, invitations, 
announcements, marketing center items (boards, promotional items, signage, etc.)
Designed customized deliverables per team and stakeholders needs
Image correction, Cropping, Generate & Edit new images
iZeneth Innovative Technologies
JUNE 2014 - MAY 2016
AWARDS
DESIGN SKILLS
Communication
Critical Thinking
Postive Attitude
Willingness to Learn
SOFT SKILLS
Adobe XD 
Figma (Basic) 
Adobe Illustrator 
Adobe Photoshop 
Zeplin (Assets) 
Basic knowledge of HTML/CSS
SOFTWARE
nehag2124@gmail.com
9953682495
pixelplotting
ALGAPPA UNIVERSITY 
- 2013 to 2015
EDUCATION
M.Sc Computer Science
FRAMEBOXX - 2010 to 2013
B.Sc Animation & Multimedia
High School
D.A.V. Public School
Sr. UI/UX Designer
Classic Informatics
JULY 2021 - PRESENT
Bright beginner in Classic Informatics
Won The Addressya Bunch Of Flowers For Exceptional Team Efforts And Contributions


SHUBHAM
UPADHYAY
About Me
PROJECTS
INTRESTS
Hard Skill
Programming Language : Python
Web technologies : HTML,CSS,Javascript
Frameworks : Django,Bootstrap
Databases : MySQL,SQlite
Python libraries : Numpy,Pandas,Matplotlib
IDEs : VsCode , Pycharm Community
Version Control : git , Github
AI and Machine Learning 
Soft Skill
Education Background
Patkar Varde  College Goregaon West
Masters of science in information technology 
Completed in 2023
Viva college of arts commerce and science virar west
Bachelors of science in information technology 
Completed in 2021
GVPIC Garakhara Varanasi 
HSC
Completed in 2018
My Contact
shubhamvupadhyay@gmail.com
Nallasopara ,Mumbai Maharashtra 
+91 7307134589
shubhamupadhyay.netlify.app
E-Vehicle Parking
Seminar Hall Booking System
Portfolio 
web Application 
web application 
website
A Django based web application  that can be used to manage parking lot
activities and provides user a enhanced system to get info about parking 
 lot and make a prior booking of space .
built a attractive  dashboard  for both user and parking owner to track
their data easily also provided a feature where total earning and vehicle
details can be seen easily  by parking lot manager.
Elimination  of traditional  approach for maintain parking  record on paper
and providing a physical tickets.
Build a seminar hall booking system  web application  by using python
Django framework  and frontend technologies.
A platform  where user  can view details of halls and facilities provided by
them and can make a  booking accordingly 
Designed and Developed a personal portfolio  website .
Worked on front end technologies  like HTML ,CSS and Boostrap
LANGUAGES
English
Hindi
Highly motivated and proactive IT professional seeking a challenging role in a
dynamic environment where I can contribute to the organization's success
while continuously enhancing my knowledge and skills.
Teamwork
Flexibility
Communication Skills
Hard Working
Leadership
Problem Solving
Coding
Web Development 
Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning 
HOBBIES
Playing Cricket 
Music
Travelling 
Reading
Gardening 

Shivika gupta
Dublin, Ireland | 0892624962 | shivikaprakash2008@gmail.com
EDUCATION
Dublin Business school
Dublin, Ireland
Msc in Digitial Marketing (GPA: 2.1)
Graduation Date: September 2022
WORK EXPERIENCE
The SEO Media                                                                                                                                      Dublin,Ireland
Part time (UX designer)
September 2021 - Present
 
Generate reports on market analysis for the project I'm working on deriving features and define the
usability testing and developing the prototyping, problems solving in the field of the UX research
 
Collaborate with senior management including marketing lead to solve problems related to the interaction
design and make it more easy for the user to use the digital products and LinkedIn accounts, implementing
posting schedules for popular content which increased followers to 100k+
 
Provide recommendations to enter a niche market for career tips, conducting market research on Qualtrics
for 100+ infographics and video content on TikTok
 
Utilize CRM platforms including Customer Centric design approach and conducting surveys for the
usability testing and to service clients daily, working with sales team to identify pain points and marketing
opportunities for success stories
Edelytics
Delhi, India
UX Designer (associate)                                                                                                     January 2020 -January 2021
 
Analyzed financial statements, business summary reports, and dashboard recaps to attain data based on
product comparable percentages and penetration rates for district managers which increased store efficiency
by 16%.
 
Collaborated with senior management on multiple functions including customer success and finance,
increasing survey submissions from 60% previous month to 75% by identifying the pain points of customer
feedback.
 
Created wireframes, prototyping, user flows, affinity mapping, card sorting and develop user experience
with proven research with the help of surveys. Working on the design strategies and also work in the design
system.
Vrozart
Delhi, India
UX Designer (Junior)
April 2019 - September 2020
 
Presented recommendations for seasonal sales, and develop the strategies of designs, solving problems that
occurred in the website.
 
Reviewed data visualization charts and develop the better user experience with the help of the wordpress
interface with the help of HTML,CSS and javascript, work with the front end developers
 
Maintained and built relationships with 10+ customers daily, providing exceptional customer service and
efficient product deliveries daily which translated to a customer satisfaction rating score of 97%
Stagkart
Delhi, India
UX Designer (Inter/Junior)                                                                                                April 2016 - September 2018
 
Worked in the area healthcare, ecommerce and developed the website with the HCI design.
 
Design the solutions for the digital product for the clients as well as the stakeholders, developing the
workflows and improving the existing designs for the company.
 
Develop the high fidelity designs, low fidelity designs, user flows, empathise (mapping), and develop
feedback.
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE
Association of Student body (Head of Student department)
Indore, India
Director of student body
April 2011 - May 2015
 
Partner with 100+ professionals and recruiters in various firms and organizations, bringing out 10+
companies including Deloitte, KPMG, Vanguard, and Kohl's for our Professional Networking Dinner with
150+ attendees.
 
Spearhead events for weekly meetings regarding resumes, cover letters, and LinkedIn workshops,
presenting research in  RGPV region.
Second Harvest
Dublin, Ireland
Leader of Techonology & design Society                                                                                  March 2022 - May 2022
 
Coordinated 3 events with team members regarding design challenges at local businesses, generating 50
participants and help them compete with each other in the competitive manner.
 
Provided participants with the proper guidance on the technology and design, calling mentors (college
alumni.
SKILLS & INTERESTS
Skills: Microsoft Office | Adobe photoshop | Adobe XD | Figma |  | CRM | Problem Solving skills | Prototyping |
Wireframing | Data Visualization
Interests: Marketing & Operations, Public Speaking, Reading books,, Speaking at Universities, yoga

 
 
                       SUMEIRA YOUSUF  
EMAIL: sumairayousuf36@gmail.com | PHONE: +91-9622333402| RAJBAGH SRINAGAR 
 
Professional summary 
 
A hard working and self motivated person who gets thrilled by the opportunity to challenge me in my 
skills and make it grow.Career oriented individual seeking a position with a high level of 
professionalism, patience Flexible with working in all areas of the company to help boost profits that 
benefit the company. Seeking a position that promotes best practice and working experience on 
multiple projects. I would like to be part of a successful team and intend to do my work at best of my 
abilities. 
Education 
 
UNIVERSITY OF KASHMIR  
 Master of Technology (M.Tech) in Computer Science  | CGPA: 9.31 /10 
 
2018-2021 
Position: 1st with Gold Medal 
 
UNIVERSITY OF KASHMIR  
 Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) in Computer Science Engineering | CGPA: 7.71 
2012-2017 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
MALLINSON GIRLS SCHOOL 
Higher Secondary (XII) 
 JKBOSE (The Jammu and Kashmir state board of school education) | CGPA: 8.48 
2010 
 
 
 
 
 
                
                   
 MALLINSON GIRLS SCHOOL 
Secondary (X) 
 JKBOSE (The Jammu and Kashmir state board of school education) | CGPA: 9.26 
2008 
 
 
 
 
 
                
                   
Skills 
 
Programming:  | C| C++|Java. 
Web Applications: Html | Css |Java Script. 
Other:  Data Structures, Network Security, Deep Learning, Machine Learning. 
Soft Skills | Verbal and written Communication | Detail oriented | Active listening | Problem solving | 
Multitasking | Customer needs assessment | phone and chat skills | Time management | Resolving 
customer issues | Team Leader| Motivation| Microsoft  Applications proficiency| MS Office | Business 
Operations | CRM| Strong Work Ethics | Ability to accept and learn from criticism | Public speaking. 
  
Academic Projects 
 
 
                       
LANE DETECTION IN AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES BUILT USING SEMANTIC SEGMENTATION 
 
This project has been designed to detect lanes based on machine learning built using machine 
learning CNN, Python, Keras, NumPy, Tensorflow. 
 
 
Created a semantic segmentation model that takes an image as an input, and provides us 
output, a category classification for every pixel. It uses computer vision 
 
Ideated and developed a model which perfectly worked with offline test data set with 99% 
accuracy, thereby eliminating scalability issues. 
 
It uses a CNN which consists of an encoder and decoder network. 
 
Encoder is the part of the algorithm network structure to extract image features. 
 
 
 
Decoder: This layer is widely used for the pixel-wise classification task  where the feature maps 
have to be restored to original input image size. Its aim is to up-sample the image to get the same 
resolution as the input image.  
 
The final deconvolution layer ends with one filter, as the image is returned image in the ‘G' 
color channel, as we want the predicted lanes to be in green.  
 
The accuracy was 99% with each epoch where IOU of road pixels had high class score and helps 
to detect a trajectory that is safe and efficient. 
VEHICLE DETECTION 
  
                                                                                            
This project has been designed to detect vehicles based on machine learning built using HOG, 
Python, Keras, NumPy, Tensorflow and SVM. 
 Built a model in python which uses Histogram of Oriented Gradients (HOG) feature extraction 
on a labelled training set of images.  
 It Trains a Linear Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifier.  
 It Implements a sliding-window technique and uses the trained SVM classifier to search for   
vehicles in images. 
 The model runs the pipeline on a video stream and creates a heat map of recurring detections 
frame by frame to reject outliers and follows detected vehicles.  
 We finally estimate a bounding box for vehicles which are detected. 
  Implemented multiprocessing and python libraries to solve scalability challenges and provides a 
better frame rate of average 5.5 fps which is far better than the cv model. 
 The model was able to detect vehicles with 99.26% efficiency. 
DEEP LEARNING IN AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES 
 
 
Designed a simulation model of self driving system using imitation learning policy 
“Behavioral Cloning ,python and PyTorch 
 Using behavioral cloning, we give raw sensor data as input to train our network. 
 The model learns to imitate the actions of the expert system. 
 The output of the network is the driving policy, represented by desired steering angle 
and/or acceleration or breaking. 
 To build the training dataset, we collected about 72 hours of real-world driving videos.  
 During the evaluation, the car was able to drive itself with accuracy of 98%. 
 
FREELANCING ANDROID APPLICATION 
   
                                                                                          
An android application which provides a platform for developers and employers to interact 
with each other and get the projects done within the deadline by hiring the developers with 
suitable profiles using MySQL, PHP, Apache Tomcat server, Java and Android Studio. 
 It is a responsive application and works comfortably on any platform. 
 It provides separate profiles for employers and freelancers where both profiles have different 
features in their corresponding navigation drawers. 
 The application provides Push Notifications, feedback options, chat facility, push project, bid 
project settings, inbox, client verification and authentication. 
 Employers post the project, Choose the perfect freelancer, browse the freelancer profiles, chat in 
real time and pay when satisfied. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Academic Achievements 
 
 
GOLD MEDAL IN M.TECH CS |Received the award on 25-August-2021 through Kashmir 
University for securing First class First position in Master Of Technology in Computer Sciences 
with certificate of merit. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

REBECCA
PAUL
With a data-driven approach to identify
creative solutions for business problems, I
come to you as a thoughtful risk-assessor,
who is result-oriented and confident.
I hold sound working proficiency in digital
marketing, branding, and new business
strategy across food, media, and
entertainment industries.
MY PROFICIENCY
  Market Intelligence and Analytics
  Marketing Strategy
 Business presentation skills through
Tableau, SPSS and Excel and PowerPoint
Research Methodologies
  Project Management
 Excellent verbal and written
communication skills
EXPERIENCE
2018-2022
Digital Marketing Manager
Creating and implementing a digital marketing
campaign for client brand products
Generating leads based on customer requirements,
identifying campaign qualifiers, and verifying them
Source and develop new strategic partnerships,
social engagements, and advertising opportunities
that generate new revenue streams
Accounts Handled - 
 India - MuscleBar. Cupid Pune, ProCaf, Rerore Cafe,
Spiritual Fitness, Pooja Dembla The Design Studio,
Milestone Adventures, Thaal me up, Big Foodz, Bored
Game Company, Spaces Alive, The Bar Concept, The
CheeseCake Pops, Riyash Designs Unplugged, Arwa
Ridas. 
Kuwait - Alifiya Fitness
London - Kash KInd, Cook myGrub 
 
Dubai - Team Meraki 
INTERPERSONAL SKILL SET
O P E R A T I O N S  M A N A G E R
+91 9767855501
beccapaul555@gmail.com
HOW TO REACH ME
Management
Communication
Social Media Marketing
Research
Content Writing
LANGUAGES
English - Fluent
Hindi - Intermediate
French  - Beginner
WithMirabelle
B B A
2021 / Present -  MuscleBar, Pune 
Developed highly accurate analysis of competitor
market share, 
Conduct day-to-day project coordination, planning,
and implementation across multiple teams
General Manager
20220- 20222
2019-2020
Sales & Customer Service Executive 
Developed highly accurate analysis of competitor
Equal But Different Fitness market share, Conduct
day-to-day project coordination, planning,
Workshop and implementation across multiple
teams
MuscleBar, Pune 
COURSES
Digital Marketing
Udemy
Issued Sep 2018 · No Expiration Date
Introduction to Marketing
University of Pennsylvania
(Coursera)
Equal But Different Fitness
Workshop
TeaMeraki 
CPD Accredited
Nutrition Workshop
TeaMeraki 
CPD Accredited
Sales Executive
2018-2019
2018 -  Vigour Kart, Pune 
Provided assistance in maintaining customer
relationships with clients through cold calling and
email marketing
Teacher
2018-2019
Little Sparks Montessori
Responsible for handling a class of 20 students of
age group 4-6 years.
Teaching them basics like shape, color, counting etc.
Teaching about basics of regular life eating, talking,
and behavior.
Conducting group activities.
Responsible for their physical and mental
development.
Coordinating with the parents and updating about
their child's development and performance
OTHER
ACCOMPISHMENTS
That One Time In 
Instagram - Travel Blog  
Creative Writer 
EXTRA-
CURRICULARS
Digital Marketing Manager
The Rising People welfare society
Mar 2015 - May 2015 · 3 mos
Volunteer
English Teacher
Sparty Football
1.
2.
EDUCAT ION
Bachelor of Business Management (
International Business ) 
2019-2020 Christ University
Bachelors Degree
2017-2018 Ness Wadia College of Commerce 
HSC -Commerce 
High School / GDE 
2015-2016 St. Annes High School  
SSC - 79%
2003 - 2006 St. Charles
School , NY

 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
nidhiaggarwal1 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Forecasting
Relationship Building
Quarterly Reporting
Nidhi Aggarwal
Head of Strategy at Vodafone Group, London
London, England, United Kingdom
Summary
Over 19 years of experience as a strategy, finance and operations
expert across sectors and geographies (UK, India, USA, Germany,
Singapore, Malaysia and Kuwait). Key areas of expertise:
  Board member and Audit Review Committee for Vodafone Ghana
  Strategy (Portfolio Strategy, Asset Strategy, New Growth Strategy,
Partnerships, Business Optimisation, Spectrum auctions, financial
valuations, due diligence for market entry)
  Large scale cost transformation programs (£200 mn savings),
Capex efficiency, Culture change
  Finance controller for 11 opcos (€8bn revenue), Capex and opex
controller for India (£2.0 bn)
  New business launch and business transformation initiatives
  Managing senior stakeholders (including VF Group Exco members)
and large teams
I am an MBA from Indian School of Business and a B.Tech in
Mechanical Engineering from IIT, Delhi. During my term at business
school, I also went on an exchange program to London Business
School. Have done “Digital Transformation - Platform Strategies for
Success” from MIT Sloan.
Consistently rated as the top performer/top talent for 12 years at
Vodafone, trained through global Inspire talent program and Finance
Excellence Program.
Experience
Vodafone
13 years 3 months
Head of Corporate Development & Strategic Initiatives
February 2023 - Present (6 months)
London, England, United Kingdom
Drive planning and integration of proposed merger of VF UK and Three UK
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
Head of Strategy at Vodafone Group 
August 2020 - February 2023 (2 years 7 months)
Finance Executive
September 2018 - August 2020 (2 years)
London, United Kingdom
Finance Executive, Rest of World (SA, Internationals, Egypt, Ghana, Aus, Ken)
(Sep'18-Current)
  Regional leadership role driving strategic business decisions (M&A,
Valuations, Spectrum auctions, Capex reviews, Strategic planning, Asset
monetisation, Balance Sheet restructuring)
  Running quarterly, half yearly and yearly IR processes and financial
certification process
  Leading a team of four high-potential country managers and providing
decision support to the regional CEO/CFO/RLT. Managing stakeholders
across levels including Group CFO, Group Finance controller, Group M&A and
within Opcos ranging from CFO to FP&A team  
  Budgeting, Planning and reporting - Target setting, budget review,
negotiation with Opcos, Exco Ops Review
  Region Governance including Board papers, Audit committee, Audit Risk
Paper for board
VP- Financial Planning & Analysis
September 2014 - September 2018 (4 years 1 month)
Mumbai Area, India
Responsible for making investment decisions of > Rs 7,000-10,000 CR capex
and managing c. Rs12,000 CR opex
Head, Corporate Strategy
May 2010 - September 2014 (4 years 5 months)
Long term asset investment Strategy (Spectrum, Spring, M&A)
  Led the development of VIL spectrum strategy and three large scale
spectrum acquisition programs (£2.7 bn)
  Proposed the £700m investment plan for a major transformation project (post
Verizon deal). 
  Developed the M&A strategy for VIL India, conduct first level commercial due
diligence for M&A proposals
  Developed strategy of VIL's position on Indus- Vodafone's JV company
Business Strategy
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
  Developed VIL long term overall strategy partnering with business operations
and functions, developed cluster strategy to define strategic objectives for the
23 circles, which are at different evolution levels and at market position
 Conducted strategy boards with Indian Exco. Significantly contributed in
developing VIL strategy and keeping the management focused to identified
priorities
 Competitive and financial performance of large competitors 
  Advised the Indian regulatory team on VIL strategic priorities and supported
them with arguments to achieve VIL objectives
Sistema Shyam Teleservices Ltd
Project Manager
July 2009 - May 2010 (11 months)
  Managed green field launch of voice and high speed data services -
Successfully launched six key circles (Delhi, Mumbai, Karnataka, AP, Haryana
and Maharashtra) 
  Conducted regular launch meeting with the management committee to
provide progress on all commercial areas (Marketing, Sales, Customer
Service, Finance and SCM)
  Coordinated and liaised with all key stakeholders including CXOs, Circle
Head, Circle functional heads and  ~40+ people across functions and circles
for launch activities for commercial areas
Diamond Management and Technology Consultants
Senior Associate
May 2006 - June 2009 (3 years 2 months)
  Served six clients in telecom, new media and financial services across India,
Middle East and US
  Extensive consulting experience in Business Strategy, Program Management
and Performance Improvement issues
  Advised clients on core strategy issues like growth strategy, business
planning, go/no-go decision for market entry and market assessment.
Highlights include 
- Financial valuation of 3G and BWA  license as part of auction    strategy for a
fast growing telecom player in India
- Long term business planning of 2G business of a leading telecom player in
India
- Market assessment and business feasibility for a financial information portal
in India
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
- Customer positioning and marketing strategy for a newly launched business
news website
- Market sizing of printing opportunities in India
  Consulted clients on program management and process improvement issues.
Highlights include  
- Large scale program management of INR 400 M internet portal launch 
- Process Improvement in vendor management and IT service delivery
management
i2 Technologies
Sr. Consultant
June 2002 - April 2005 (2 years 11 months)
  Executed large-scale supply chain projects in four different industry verticals
viz. Semiconductor, Consumer Electronics, Metals and Apparels 
  Worked in five countries viz Singapore, Malaysia, Germany, USA and India
  Exceeded client expectations which resulted in securing additional $2M
project from a leading semi-conductor client in Malaysia
  Handled multiple accounts simultaneously, led cross-functional teams and
managed daily operations between onsite and offshore teams
  Captured business requirements, designed and developed large scale data
models, implemented solution to resolve supply chain issues of material and
capacity planning
Education
London Business School
MBA, Finance · (2006 - 2007)
Indian School of Business
MBA, Finance, Marketing · (2005 - 2006)
Indian School of Business
MBA, Strategy, Finance and Marketing · (2005 - 2006)
Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi
B Tech, Mechanical Engineering · (1998 - 2002)
 
Page 4 of 4


DEEPAK VERMA
0822deepakverma@gmail.com | +91-7701834592
LinkedIn | GitHub | Twitter | LeetCode
EDUCATION
NSUT West Campus (Formerly CBPGEC)🔗
New Delhi, India
Bachelor of Technology (Information Technology |CGPA: 8.90 till 6th sem)
Aug/2019 - Present
WORK EXPERIENCE
Grynow Media Pvt. Ltd.(Faym)🔗
Remote
Software Developer Engineer( Nest.js, Typescript, AWS, Firebase)
May/2022 - Present
 
Developed multiple Faym-wall's for influencers to boost online presence and engagement.
 
Built a dashboard using Google Analytics APIs to monitor and summarize website clicks and views, enabling effective
measurement of the Faym-walls' impact on achieving influencer goals.
 
Developed and integrated various modules, including order tracking, influencer dashboard, and wallet, while utilizing
third-party APIs like Admitad, Razorpay, and Google Spreadsheet to meet business requirements.
 
Worked closely with the founder to understand product requirements and provided scalable, efficient solutions that
optimized performance. Utilized AWS services such as S3, EC2, and IAM to deploy and host websites and APIs.
Fly0kart🔗
Remote
Fullstack Developer (React.js, Node.js, MongoDB, JavaScript)
Oct/2021 - May/2022
 
Developed and maintained a flight booking portal, fixing existing bugs and adding new features to meet requirements.
Achieved zero errors and a seamless user experience.
 
Managed development and deployment of HRMS, ticketing tool, Zoho, and the official website on various platforms
like Bluehost, Netlify, and Render. Also, performed domain configuration and email service setup for efficient operation.
 
Collaborated closely with the founder, led a team of 7 developers, and interviewed 20+ candidates for respective
roles, gaining valuable leadership and management experience.
Ranjan Technologies Pvt. Ltd.🔗
Remote
FullStack Developer(HTML, CSS, Javascript, Bootstrap, Node.js, MongoDB)
Sep/2021 - Nov/2021
 
Created user-friendly dashboards for teachers, students, and admins. The new UI streamlined interactions between all
parties, resulting in improved communication and greater efficiency.
 
Integrated Twilio, Google Maps, AWS storage, and RazorPay APIs for payment and other features, improving the
functionality and usability of the application.
 
Developed a Node.js-based API for efficient request handling and transaction management between frontend and
backend, improving application functionality and performance.
OPEN-SOURCE & PROJECTS
MENTOR( Git, Github, MERN stack, Data Structures & Algorithm)
June/2021 - June/2022
 
Mentored 500+ folks at various open-source programs like GWOC'21, GSSoC'22, DevIncept'21 and LGMSoC'21.
 
Guided and cleared doubts of 300+ Contributors regarding React.js, Js, HTML, CSS via One-to-One interaction.
 
Projects worked with: LearnZania🔗, DevEmpire🔗, EmpowHer🔗 and Awesome-portfolio-websites🔗.
Get Me Therapy🔗
HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Zoho CRM & Javascript
  Developed User-friendly, Responsive pages i.e. Landing Page, Pricing Page, Client Page and T&C Page from scratch.
  Integrated Zoho Webforms where the user can put his query, which gets mapped in the Zoho CRM.
  Worked with Domain Management, WordPress Dashboard and Hosting as well.
Amazing CSS Projects🔗
HTML, CSS, Javascript
Implemented 50 unique projects using Javascript & CSS, gaining practical experience and expertise.
SKILLS
 
Languages: C++, C, JavaScript, Typescript, Data Structures & Algorithm
 
Frontend: React.js, Redux,BootStrap, EJS, HTML, CSS, JQuery, SCSS
 
Backend: Nodejs, Mongoose, Express.js, MongoDB, RESTful API, OAuth 2.0, MySQL, Nest.js

KARTIK CHOUDHARY
Software Developer | Python Developer | Data Scientist
 kartikchoudhary416@gmail.com
 (+91) 9768002730
 Mumbai, India
 linkedin.com/in/kartik416
 github.com/kartik416
EDUCATION
Msc Data Analytics
Dundalk Institute of Technology, Ireland
 September 2020 - September 2021
BE in Information Technology
Xavier Insitute of Engineering, Mumbai
 2015 - 2019
SKILLS
Python
API
Flask
SQL
NoSQL
Scrum
Machine Learning
Web Scraping
Git
Pytorch
Pandas
Data Visualization
Matplotlib
Numpy
AWS
Docker
Data Analysis
Object Oriented Programming
Performance and Scalability Optimization
ACADEMIC/PERSONAL
PROJECTS
  Text Extraction and Analysis using NLP
  Covid-19 Data Visualization.
  URL Shortner in Serverless Architecture.
  Web Scraping and API development with
Beautiful Soup and Flask.
  Smart Notice Board using Raspberry pi.
  Time Series Analysis of Sales Data.
CERTIFICATIONS
  Docker for Developers by LinkedIn
Learning.
  AWS Technical Essentials by AWS
  Big Data Analytics with Hadoop and
Apache Spark.
  DevOps Foundations: Continuous
Delivery/Continuous Integration
REFERENCES
  Avinash Permude, LinkedIn -
9986068473/apermude@linkedin.com
  Daljeet Singh Malhotra, Flairlabs -
9820261930/daljeet@ﬂairlabs.com
EXPERIENCE
Software Engineer
LinkedIn
 November 2021 - September 2022  Dublin, Ireland
  Updated old code bases to modern development standards,
improving functionality.
  Provided guidance and mentored other team members.
  Collaborated with management, internal and development partners
regarding software application design status and project progress.
  Coordinated with other engineers to evaluate and improve software
performance and robustness.
  Coordinated eﬃcient large-scale software deployments.
  Analyzed proposed technical solutions based on customer
requirements.
  Created eﬃcient spiders that can scrape data from multiple sources
using Scrapy, cleaning and mapping the scraped data impacting
millions of job data.
Associate Software Engineer
Flairlabs
 December 2019 - July 2020
 Mumbai, India
  Applications for Alexa - I performed tasks like debugging issues
adding new features to existing skills.
  Researched and worked on Latex, MathJax Library, worked on
creating Bridges for Native Modules, Implemented Text Editor and
did some work on OCR Technology like AWS Textract,
Python-tesseract and others.
  Programmed a Deep Learning Model Using Pytorch for converting
image to small sized vector and then ﬁnding similarity between
diﬀerent images.
  Created an RPA for web scraping using UiPath which extracts data
related to Alexa skills and exports it as CSV or text ﬁle.
  Wrote routines for fraud detection for performing e-KYC of oﬄine
Aadhaar documents.
  Wrote function to convert large PDF ﬁles to high DPI tiﬀ images
which consumes less storage space.
Data Science Intern
U-TO Solutions
 August 2019 - October 2019
 Mumbai, India
  Created data mining architectures and models to identify trends in
large data sets.
  Created data visualization graphics, translating complex data sets into
comprehensive visual representations.
  Performed advanced data extraction and data manipulation.
  Pinpointed meaningful insights from large data and metadata sources.
  Applied appropriate data science techniques to solve business
problems.
  Identiﬁed, analyzed and interpreted trends in complex data sets using
supervised and unsupervised learning techniques.

Shreeyanshi Gupta
Email: shrynshigupta06@gmail.com | Mobile: 7895900956 | LinkedIn
SOFTWARE DEVELOPER
As a self-motivated web developer with 2+ years of experience in both front-end and back-end development, I am dedicated
to continuously learning and enhancing my skills. I am actively seeking new opportunities that will enable me to leverage my
technical skills, collaborate with like-minded individuals, and further my career goals.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages
: JavaScript, TypeScript, C, C++
Frameworks
: Node.js, Angular
Databases
: MongoDB, MySQL
Frontend Dev
: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Tailwind CSS, Angular Material
EXPERIENCE
Software Engineer
Nov 2020 - Present
DLT Labs
  Designed and developed dynamic and responsive websites using HTML, CSS, Tailwind, and Angular Material.
  Extensively worked on developing and integrating REST APIs and databases into the client-side applications.
  Collaborated with different teams on multiple products that provide a one-stop solution to blockchain enthusiasts.
  Actively participated in end-to-end product delivery, collaborating with cross-functional teams from initial
planning and development to testing, debugging, and deployments..
Software Engineer Trainee
Feb 2020 - Oct 2020
Newgen Software
  Worked on a hybrid mobile application for the client.
  Troubleshoot issues and fixed bugs in the backend as well as integrate new functionalities to the existing
application.
EDUCATION
Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Technical University
KIET Group Of Institutions
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science
Aug 2016 - Oct 2020
PROJECTS
Shopkart
* Shopkart is an application which integrates our online and offline shopping experience through its website and
mobile application.
* Technologies Used: Node.js, MongoDB, React.js, Flutter
* Team Project | Role: Backend Developer
DSC KIET Website
* The website includes detailed information about the events (boot camps, hackathons, coding contests, etc)
organized by the team for the community and opportunities (internships, meetups) for them.
* Technologies Used: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap
Campus Dost
* A guide built for the college campus which includes all the relevant information for campus members.
* Technologies Used: Node.js, MongoDB

RESUME - LARA NOGINA  
 
 
Personal Information 
Name: Lara Nogina (LLM Candidate) 
Address: Auf der Kuhweide 33/Wallstraße 33 
44269 Dortmund/55122 Mainz 
Date of Birth: 06.04.1997Dortmund 
Currently living in: Glasgow, UK 
Permanent Adress: 24 Nairn Street 
G38SF Glasgow  
Email: lara.nogina@hotmail.de 
 
Education 
2003-2007 Landgrafengrundschule in Dortmund, Germany  
 
2007-2015 Käthe-Kollwitz-Gymnasium in Dortmund, Germany (Abitur) 
 
2016-Present Law Student at Johannes Gutenberg University in Mainz, Germany (Bar Exam), Extra Courses: French 
Law 
2018-2020 Glen Buschmann JAZZ Akademie (Jazz-Sopran, Second Degree)  
September 2021- September 2022 Master of Laws at the University of Glasgow in International Law (LLM 
Candidate) 
Master's Dissertation: ‘Global Supply Chain Compliance in the textile and fashion Sector (Human Rights Violations 
and need for further regulation in Germany)`  
Courses at the University of Glasgow: Corporate Social Responsibility, Investment Law, Foundations of International 
Law, Law and Politics, Human Rights, Merger Control, Law and International Development  
 
Work Experience 
2011-2015 Waitress in a Café  
2009-2020 Babysitting children with health issues  
2015-2016 Sales Manager at Top Event  
June 2012-July 2012 Intern at Volksbank Bank in Dortmund 
August 2013 Intern at a Private Clinic in Lünen 
2018-2022 assistant manager in a nursing service in Dortmund (Remotely) 
 
March 2016-April 2016 Legal Intern at Blumenstein & Budde (Law Firm) in Dortmund Supervision: Michael Budde 
 
September 2018-November 2018 Legal Intern at Le cabinet d'avocats PARRAVICINI in  Nice, France Supervision: 
Nino Parravicini  
 
March 2021-June 2021 Legal Intern at Carlos Pinto de Abreu e Associados under the Supervision of Vania Costa 
Ramos in Lisbon, Portugal 
 
 
Languages 
German (Native Speaker) 
Russian (Native Speaker and Business Proficient) 
English (Fluent and Business Proficient; Working Experiences carried out in English in Lisbon)  
French (Fluent and Business Proficient; Diploma from Institute Français; German-French Law studies in Mainz; 
Working Experience fully carried out in French) 
Lithuanian (Foundation)  
Italian (Foundation)  
Chinese (Foundation; Chinese language courses taken from 2013-2014) 
 
 
Other Experiences 
Westphalian Star Award (singing) for two consecutive years 
Member of the Glen Buschmann Jazz Academy in Dortmund 
Regular Performer at the Casino Hohensyburg (with a symphony orchestra) 
Regular performer at Domicil Jazz Club (also with a Big Band)  
Regularly Singing at Weddings and Social Events  
Songwriter at Monkeymoon Recordings in Dortmund 
 
 
Skills  
Microsoft Office; Legal Research; Legal Writing; Team Working; Singing and Songwriting, Digital Content Creation; 
SEO; Website Creation; Piano 
 
Interests 
Music; Tennis; Surfing; Fashion Management; Travelling; Human Resources; Marketing; Content Creation  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

https://www.behance.net/uxmadhuridesign
www.linkedin.com/in/madhuri-ui-ux-design
Skills
G Technical: Figma, Adobe XD, Sketch, MS Office
G Design: User Experience (UX), UX Research, Wireframe, Prototype, 
User Experience Design(UXD), Usability Testing, Mock Up, Information 
Architecture, Presentation, Design System, Responsive Web, Inclusive 
Design.
G Operating System: Windows 2000/XP 
Madhuri Nanduri
9390644154
madhuri.nanduri309@gmail.com
https://sites.google.com/view/uxmadhuridesign/home
Education
MNR PG College, M.Sc. Genetics // May 2011
Certifications
Languages
Hobbies
Google UX Design Course From Coursera 
B2 German Language Certificate From 
Goethe Institute
Telugu, English, German, Hindi
Yoga, Painting, Playing Flute and Violin

RESUME
9011301627
Pune
Sanchita Bagre
Education
Strengths
Skills
Extra - Curricular Activities
Portfolio Link
My name is Sanchita Bagre, I am pursuing my 
Masters in User Experience Design from MIT-ADT 
University, Pune. I have done my bachelors in 
Architecture from Pune. The objective is to join a 
company to enhance and contribute towards the 
organization to further develop my design skills 
and sensibilities of my design education with a 
professional environment. I consider myself a 
responsible and disciplined person. I am looking 
forward for my work experience.
Secondary and Higher Secondary
 D.A.V. Public School
10th (2015) - 9 CGPA
12TH (2017) - 83.4%

Graduation
Bharathi Vidyapeeth 
(Deemed to be University) College 
of Architecture, Pune (2017 - 2022)
Overall CGPA - 7.38

Post Graduation
MIT Institute of Design (2022-2024)
Semester 1 - 7.8
 
sanchitabagre@gmail.com
Figma
Html
CSS
Javascript
AutoCad 
SketchUp
Photoshop
InDesign

Languages Known -
English
Hindi
Marathi
Quick Learner
Good Management Skills
Humble and Honest
Good Listener
Disciplined
Punctual
Leadership Quality
 Elected as the Head of Workshop and Seminar In 2019 - 2020.
As Head of Workshop and Seminar, conducted various workshop and seminar in College 
Exhibition - Abhivyakti -2020
 Actively participated and volunteered for a Foundation Pune Biennale for Redevelopment of 
Hadapsar slum Area  and Swargate Flyover.
 Volunteered for National Service Scheme (NSS) for 2yrs from 2017 to 2019.
 Participated and won the competition conducted by Pravara COA, Loni on ‘ Innovative Garden 
Idea' - 2020
Participated in Architectural Model Making Competition held by Sinhgad College Of Architecture, 
Pune
https://www.behance.net/sanchitabagre
Architectural Internship
S.N. Pingale Consultants
July 2021 - November 2021
Work Experience
About me
Contact

  
                            SAI NIKHILA KONDAGARI  
kondagarisainikhila615@gmail.com|   +447825627383|       https://www.linkedin.com/in/sai-nikhila-kondagari-894473221/  
  
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY  
 
Highly motivated and results-driven sales and marketing professional with extensive experience in both B2B and B2C 
environments. Consistently exceeds sales targets through the development and execution of effective marketing strategies. 
Proven track record of successfully leading and training sales teams, resulting in improved team performance and increased 
revenue. Skilled in market research, customer analysis, and product development to drive growth and profitability. Strong 
communicator and collaborator, able to work effectively with cross-functional teams to execute marketing campaigns and 
achieve business objectives. A strategic thinker with excellent analytical skills and a demonstrated ability to identify new 
opportunities and implement innovative solutions. Exceptional customer service skills with a focus on building long-lasting 
relationships. 
SKILLS   
 
Business Process Improvement, Lead Generation, Product-Market Fit, Social Media Marketing, Direct Marketing, 
Communications and PR, Influential Negotiation Skills, Supervision and Leadership, Development and Training, Project 
Management, Interpersonal Communication Skills, Product and Market Research, IT skills, MS Office, CRM, B2B, B2C. 
 
EXPERIENCE   
 
GNR (Partners Group), LIVERPOOL 
Trainee Partner                                                                                                                             October 2022 - Present 
  
Consistently exceeded personal and office sales goals through effective direct marketing strategies, resulting in 
increased revenue and profitability for the company. 
  
Successfully directed and trained sales executives, providing guidance and support in developing their sales, 
networking, and leadership skills, resulting in improved team performance and increased sales. 
  
Conducted impactful morning meetings, providing team members with the necessary information and motivation to 
achieve daily targets. 
  
Took full responsibility for running multiple business trips, ensuring all logistics were effectively managed and 
executed, resulting in successful client meetings and increased sales. 
  
Contributed to the hiring and on-boarding process, identifying top talent, and facilitating a smooth transition for new 
team members. 
 
RAVI'S DESSERT HOUSE (Family Business), INDIA                                                                                   
 Marketing Manager                                                                                              October 2020 - September 2021  
  
Successfully collaborated with cross-functional teams to execute various marketing campaigns, resulting in a 15% 
increase in sales and a 10% increase in customer satisfaction. 
  
Conducted market research and analysed customer feedback to develop and implement a new marketing strategy, 
resulting in a 25% increase in brand awareness and a 20% increase in lead generation. 
  
Effectively managed the marketing budget and allocated funds to different campaigns, resulting in the successful 
launch of three new branches in a short period. 
  
Worked closely with the Sales department and product development team to create targeted marketing campaigns that 
increased B2C and B2B sales by 15% and 25%, respectively. 
 
EDUCATION  
 
BRUNEL UNIVERSITY, LONDON  
  
MSc in Management                                                                                              September 2021 - September 2023 
 
SRM INSTITUTE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, INDIA  
                              
Electronics and Communication Engineering                                                                September 2015 - July 2019 
  
Graduated First Class with Distinction | 82.46%  
                                                                    
 
ADDITIONAL WORK EXPEREINCE  
 
ADMIRAL CASINO, LONDON                                                                              January 2022 - September 2022  
Customer Service Assistant  
  
Demonstrated excellent customer service skills, resulting in high levels of customer satisfaction and repeat business. 
  
Consistently achieved or exceeded cash handling and transaction targets. 
  
Proactively identified and resolved customer issues and concerns, resulting in a positive experience for customers. 
  
Collaborated with other team members to maintain a clean and welcoming environment for customers. 
 
STAY BELVEDERE HOTELS LTD, LONDON                                                              
Housing Officer                                                                                                      November 2021 - January 2022  
  
Managed and oversaw the accommodation facilities provided by the hotel for asylum seekers. 
  
Responded to guests' queries and complaints and resolved any issues promptly. 
  
Managed the hotel's reservation system and ensured accurate and up-to-date booking records. 
  
Maintained accurate and up-to-date inventory levels of supplies and equipment, such as bedding, towels, and cleaning 
materials, and ordered replacements as needed. 
 
ACCENTURE SOLUTIONS PVT LTD                                                                                                                
Application Development Associate                                                                                 July 2019 - October 2020 
  
Successfully developed and implemented a custom software solution for a client that reduced their operational costs. 
  
Received recognition for outstanding performance in the development and delivery of a complex software application 
within a tight deadline. 
  
Contributed to the development of a training program for new hires, resulting in a more efficient onboarding process. 
  
Improved the efficiency of the software development lifecycle by implementing agile methodologies and automated 
testing procedures. 
  
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to deliver software applications that received high satisfaction ratings from 
clients. 
 
CERTIFICATIONS  
 
  
  
Microsoft Certified AZURE Fundamentals                                                                                             2019  
 
  
MILAN NATIONAL LEVEL CULTURAL FESTIVAL, INDIA                                                         
Committee Head in Publicity Domain                                                                             August 2017 - March 2018 
  
Successfully increased the visibility and attendance of the Milan national festival through a targeted and innovative 
publicity campaign. 
  
Developed and implemented a social media strategy that resulted in a 30% increase in the festival's online engagement 
and ticket sales. 
  
Coordinated a highly successful street marketing campaign that generated significant buzz and interest in the festival. 
  
Established partnerships with key media outlets and influencers to increase the festival's media coverage and reach. 
 
PROJECTS  
 
  
Dissertation:  An analysis of the Indian sweet market due to a significant increase in health-
consciousness from the perspectives of both consumers and producers.                                         
  
Developed an application for Microsoft using ASP.NET with the help of team members.                 2019- 2020     
  
Academic Projects:  
1. Automated detection of white blood cells with cancer disease.                                                                       2019  
2. Tapping energy from plants to power automatic irrigation.                                                                      2018  
 

GAURANG PATHAK
Bangla Ghat, PP Road Buxar, Bihar
P : 9934887093
E : gaurangpathakgaurang@gmail.com
DOB : 08 Aug 1999
in : https://www.linkedin.com/in/gaurang-
pathak-465aa1bb
OBJECTIVE
Basically I believe more in the sions rather than just thinking, I can work more smarter when there is no hope
for the outcome, have evenly trained myself for the workload and eective work delivery. My ultimate target is
to deliver the perfection from my work. If the company understands my work spirit it would be best for me to
give my best for the organization.
I have been attached with motorcycles since my childhood and now it is my passion to be around the
motorcycles
EXPERIENCE
2019
I run my own youtube channel from the last 3 years, it's a work of patience hence I have received a lot of
experience of patience, did mass communication amongst crowd, love to handle camera 
2023
I work at Amrit Varsha News at the post of Anchor and Field Reporter 
2021
I have travelled 1130 kms on my bike Honda Cbr 250, it was a duo ride , I travelled Buxar ~ Patna ~
Valmikinagar ~ Patna ~ Buxar, it was a 4 days ride 
2022
It was a duo Bike tour, we travelled from Buxar To Parasnath hills on my Bike Honda Cbr 250r , it was around
600 kms
YOUTUBE/ GP FILMS
Owner at GP FILMS
AMRIT VARSHA NEWS
Anchor/ News Reporter
GP FILMS
Bike Travelling
GP FILMS
Bike Tour
EDUCATION
2019-2022
Bachelor's In Journalism and Mass Communication
Grades - 7.5 CGPA
PATNA UNIVERSITY
SKILLS
Public Relations ,Mass communication ,Taking charge of the situations ,Vehicle Specications ,Video Editing
,Making Videos ,Bike Traveller ,
PROJECTS
Have made a collaborated deo with Bajaj Motors on the launching of F250 and N250
I was inted by Kia Motors for the launching of Carrens .
I was at the digital Inuencer post at that time
BAJAJ BIKE LAUNCH
KIA CARRENS LAUNCH
INTERESTS
Vlogging , Cinematography , Public Speaking , Outdoor Gaming , Traveling
LANGUAGE
Hindi , English
ACHIEVEMENTS & AWARDS
Mr Bihar 2017
National Youth Achievement Award
Media Award By LJP

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
To seek and maintain full-time position that offers professional
challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time
management and problem-solving skills. A hardworking and
passionate job seeker with strong organizational skills eager to
secure entry-level position. Ready to help team achieve company
goals.
WORK HISTORY
Manager, 02/2020 - 01/2021
Anju Tata Motors, Haridwar, Uttarakhand
Business Analyst, 07/2019 - 01/2020
Urban Company, New Delhi, National Capital Territory of Delhi
+91 7042902920, +44
7435811368
akanksha.singh199718@gmail
.com
Indian
www.linkedin.com/in/akanksh
a-singh-305902183
SKILLS
AKANKSHA
SINGH
Traders in the spare parts of Heavy Vehicles)
 
Lead a team of 5 people in the Public Relations Department
 
Organized Competitions like “Employee of the Month” and
provided the employees with rewards & incentives to improve
their performance
 
Worked on business platforms like Trade India, India Mart &
Justdial to target both B2C and B2B customers; also created
opportunities with Getdistributors.com to reach out to
distributors across the country
 
Developed strong teams by skilfully recruiting, orienting and
training loyal, hard-working employees.
 
Analysed data and identify opportunities to minimise operating
costs.
 
Upskilled staff through targeted training opportunities,
enhancing team capabilities.
 
Applied expertise in team leadership to address productivity and
performance issues, motivating staff to achieve KPIs.
 
Coordinated remote working teams with exceptional leadership
and communication.
 
Currently known as Urban Company)
 
Developed knowledge by doing projects - Product Adoption &
Analysis, Customer Footfall Analysis & Differential Pricing
 
Worked with the CEO & Co-Founders on a project in the Current
Market Competition Analysis of the company and conducted
 
Information gathering and
analysis
 
Organizational development
 
Excellent interpersonal skills
 
Mental health support
 
  Business development
Intern, 06/2018 - 08/2018
National Granites Pvt. Ltd
Intern, 06/2017 - 08/2017
Leafy Greens Pvt. Ltd
EDUCATION
MA, International journalism, 2022
University of Leeds - United Kingdom
customer surveys for a feedback analysis & satisfaction of the
clients
Analyzed the current performance of the professionals & their
services for the enhancement of their skill set
 
Coordinated in the human resource department for conducting
personal interviews & the verification & rectification of the
professionals' enrollment process
 
Screening of professionals according to the eligibility criteria of
the organization and their work experience in the respective
fields
 
Handled RPL of the professionals and brought together the
concerned documents for the registration process
 
On-ground exposure during field visits for a competitive
analysis of the services offered to understand the psychology of
the customers.
 
Reviewed files, records and historic data to obtain required
business information for development requests.
 
Created content for posts on different social media platforms
like Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat & Twitter
 
Handled marketing through email marketing & cold calling for
reaching out to new clients
 
Worked on brand management and image building with clients
to expand public relations
 
Created google Add Words for targeting the right set of
segments of clients keeping in mind the factors like age, place,
gender & geographical location.
 
Gained experience in the fields of marketing, finance &
management
 
Created online presence through social media platforms for
targeting B2C customers
 
Coordinated B2B sales of the product which comprised 90 % of
the business
 
Overviewed activities of production related to sustainable
recycling of banana peels for decomposition.
 
Professional development completed in media &
communication.
 
Bachelor of Arts, Mass media and communication, 04/2019
Amity School of Communication - Noida, Uttar Pradesh
GPA: 6.91/10.0, Completed NTCC Report, - social media & Gossip
Completed NTCC Report
2018
- Learning how the industry works and its various aspects.
Completed NTCC Report
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
INTERESTS
Participated in Creative Pearl Competition 2015 and BIZGEST -
COMMERCE FEST held at Cambridge School. Awarded certificate
of participation by THE TIMES OF INDIA for a T-shirt Painting
Competition. Participated in Installation Competition, Inter School
Glass Painting Competition & On the spot painting Competition.
LANGUAGES
Hindi: Native language
C2
English:
Master or proficient
Completed professional development in Journalism.
 
Completed professional development in Media and
communication.
 
Event Organizer, SA RE GA MA PA Little Champs, National level
singing competition, April 2017
 
Worked with a team of 30 people in the event with a footfall of
30,000 people
 
Was Managing Operations, Logistics, Creativity and Security for
the festival
 
Focused on the execution of plans and providing tangibility to
the festival
 
Coordinated the registration & hospitality of the students
 
EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES & COMMUNITY SERVICES
 
Secured 1st position in Literary Week-Dramatization of Situation
Competition & Girls 4x100 Relay Race in school
 
Came 2nd in Literary Week - Shloka Recitation & Sr
 
Girls 4x100 Relay Race in school
 
Awarded by the rotary club of Noida and being a member
interact club of the school and volunteering in spreading
awareness for responsible polio vaccination
 
Came 3rd in Winds of Change (Indie Pop) in FR
 
  AGNEL school in a festival of Angel Talent Spectrum.

ADAIKALARAJ M
User Experience Designer
WORK EXPERIENCE
______________________________________________________________________
Softenger - Bangalore, India.
Drive innovations, solution to advance the well-being of businesses.
Sr.UX Designer
03/2022 - Present
 
 
Closely work with the research team to conduct user research, Stakeholder  
interviews, and competitor analysis. Handling team.
 
 
Conducting usability testing designs with users to identify usability issues  
and gather feedback. Then use this feedback to reﬁne their designs and 
improve the user experience.
 
Managing design projects, overseeing design projects from start to ﬁnish,  
and ensuring that projects are completed on time.  Maintain and update  
Design system
AMK Solutions - Bangalore, India.
 
Customer Centric Solutions | Aspire to Greater Heights | Excellence Driven
UX/UI Designer
12/2019 - 02/2022
 
Conducting user research to identify user needs, preferences, and pain points. 
Gathering and evaluating user requirements, in collaboration with product 
managers and engineers
 
Creating basic sketches and blueprints of the product's layout and structure. 
Designing the visual elements of the product.
 
Designing the way users interact with the product, including user ﬂows, 
navigation, and animations.
 
collaboratively with cross-functional teams, including developers, project 
managers, and stakeholders.
Hypersonix Inc -  Coimbatore, India.
Hypersonix is the the leading Proﬁt Optimization Platform for E-commerce.
UX/UI Designer
10/2018 - 10/2019
 
Prepare and present rough drafts to internal teams and key stakeholders. 
Identify and troubleshoot UX problems.
 
Develop UI mockups and prototypes that clearly illustrate how sites function  
and look like.
 
Designing graphic user interface elements, like menus, tabs and widgets. 
Illustrating design ideas using storyboards, process ﬂows and sitemaps
 
Adhere to style standards on fonts, colors and images.
PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE
______________________________________________________________________
Thoughtbees Technologies, UX/UI Designer 
02/2018 - 09/2018
Adair Technologies, UX/UI Designer
02/2016 - 02/2018
Statex Electronics, Web/Graphic Designer
05/2014 - 01/2016
CONTACT
__________________________
 
  raj.dezigner7827@gmail.com
SKILLS
__________________________
  User Research
  Data Analysis
  Design Strategy
  Design Thinking
  Heuristic Evaluations
  Information Architecture
  Cognitive Mapping
  Customer Journey Mapping
  Usability Testing
Tools and Software
  Figma
  Adobe XD
  InVision
  Sketch
EDUCATION
_________________________
Karpagam University
Bachelor of Computer  
Application.
2010 - 2013 | Coimbatore, India.
CERTIFICATIONS
___________________________
(+91) 74024 11126
  Zeplin
  Miro board
  Adobe Photoshop
  Adobe Illustrator
  Interaction Design
  User centred design
  Product Design
  Psychology of Design
  Wireframe
  User Interface (Visual) Design
  Prototype
 
  ProApp Design 
Pro-Certiﬁed Designer.
2022 - 2023.
2021.
  Coursera 
Foundations of UX Design.
2020.
  uxmint academy 
User Experience Design.
______________________________________________________________________
Portfolio  
(Behance, Personal Website etc)
https://www.behance.net/raj-dezigner
Complete Proﬁle  
(Education, Certiﬁcate Licence key etc.)
https://www.linkedin.com/in/adaikalaraj-m
Create Personas, Empathy mapping, storyboards, walkthroughs, Wireframe 
and prototypes to communicate the design to the rest of the team.

02 knowledge 
01 Softwares
Dedicated and passionate  UI/UX 
designer with excellent learning skills 
and getting experience in designing 
mobile Applications and making 
websites user friendly. Looking 
forward to an exciting opportunity 
and designing experience in a 
challenging role as a UI/UX designer.
 SKILLS
TOOL
Adobe Photoshop
Figma
Adobe XD
 Adobe Illustrator
Design Process
Visual Design
UX Design
User Interface Design
Wireframes
Illustration
Prototyping
Iconography
Micro-Interactions
Adobe Indesign
01 Softwares
02 knowledge 
CERTIFICATES
UI/UX Course in Designboat
Banglore
Oct 2022 - Jan 2023 
Experiance
UX Intern at Idea poke
Idea poke, a SaaS company on a mission to redefine the way 
organizations do strategy and innovation by using the power of 
AI/ML intelligence.
worked in signal(research tool)
I collaborated with the UX team to iterate on designs, 
incorporating feedback from both users and stakeholders, and 
ensuring that the final product was intuitive and user-friendly.
Collaborating with cross-functional teams, including product 
managers, developers, and designers
I helped creating prototype and user flows.
2022
UI/UX Design Certificate Course
Designboat UI/UX School-Banglore
Designboat School offers 13 weeks course for UI/UX Design. 
At Designboat, we are learning by doing, we get hands-on
experience to UI/UX Designing.
2022
Master of Science(Costume Design And Fashion)
-
Bishop Appasamy College,Bharathiar University
Tamilnadu
A Master of Education is an Postgraduate 
professional degree which prepares 
students for work as a costume designer.
2020
Bachelor of Science(Textile Management)
Sardarvallabhai Patel College of Textile,Tamilnadu
A Bachelor of Science is a bachelor's 
degree awarded for programs. I did 3 years 
degree course.
EDUCATION
https://www.behance.net/vishakhp
V I S H A K H . P
UI  & UX Designer
Portfolio Link:
Vishakh209@gmail.com
Hsr 7,Banglore
9074667806

It was a rain fall data analysis and providing the rain fall 
prediction at a particular time.
Rainfall Prediction Using ML
Sep 2019 - Jan 2020
It was my MCA 1sem project where me and my group have 
created a functioning music player website using stacks and 
queues.
Spotify Clone Using stack and queue
Feb 2022 - Mar 2022
Developed a competitive Exam platform using React . Used 
Hooks for state management and Firebase for cloud back end.
EROVRA(Compitative Exam preparator) | Major Project
Oct 2022 - Feb 2023
Projects
  Participated in Cultural exchange camp and All India National Sailing Camp
  Completed NCC B and C Certificate.
Co-curricular Activities & Achievements
  Won western vocal group competition of University of Mysore.
Seeking a challenging and rewarding opportunity with an 
organization of repute that recognizes my true potential and 
effectively utilizes/nurtures my excellent analytical and technical 
skills in the IT industry Software.
Career Objective
Bengaluru,Karnataka
MCA Student
Jayavardhan J
Kannada 
English 
Languages
Hindi
PES University
Masters of Computer Applications
2022 - Present
Yuvaraja's college
Bachelor of Science(PMCs)
2017 - 2020
Education
HTML/CSS/JS
Mysql
Computer Networks
JAVA
Python
Skills
https://github.com/jayavardhanjv
jjayavardhan81@gmail.com
8310376504
Contact
https://www.linkedin.com/in/
jayavrdhan-jv/

ABOUT ME
Having the most preeminence and keenness in content wring with an experience of more
than two years; having arculacy in blogs, arcles, websites, and ad content. Also, a result-
oriented Social Media Marketer having experience in the ﬁeld with Konsole Indya where have
successfully driven various markeng campaigns and acquired customers through online
acvies; eﬃciently grasping the idea of SEO and Creave Content Wring while handling
Social Media proﬁles of various clients. Also acknowledged in Customer Acquision and
Relaonship Management through The ISO Consult and CII Chhasgarh.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Content Writer
Raipur / Aug 2022 - Feb 2023
Working in Alco Foods was a great experience for my pen skills as I gained diligence in blog
and arcle wring along with wring content for ads in email and social media and concise
product descripons for Amazon.
Social Media Trainee
Raipur / Apr 2021 - Jun 2022
Konsole gave me great exposure in the ﬁeld of social media markeng as the job role catered
to the social media handling of clients inclusive of conducng Lead Generaon Projects and
running Markeng Campaigns. Along with giving knowledge of Keyword Research for
Amazon and Websites had experience in designing the outlook for websites and product
pages.
Markeng Intern
Apr 2020 - Aug 2020
My duraon of Covid was spent with Remote working for The ISO Consult as a markeng
intern with the job role of promong the company on various social media plaorms by
creang 30+ impacul posters and videos for the Lead generaon project, acquiring
customers, and running SMS and email campaigns.
EDUCATION
Master of Business Administraon
Instute of Technology and Management / Raipur / 2021
Bachelor of Business Administraon
Maharaja Agrasen Internaonal College / Raipur / 2018
Mahima Agrawal
C O N T E N T  W R I T E R
+917000628776
agrawalmahima04@gmail.com
Avan Vihaar,, Raipur, India
SKILLS
Social Media Management
Copy Wring
SEO Content Writer
Keyword Reasearch
Adobe Photoshop
Client Acquision
INTERESTS
Freelance Wring
Creave Designing
Ficonal Reading
Social Media Fanac
CERTIFICATIONS
Digital Markeng
Udemy 2021
Adobe Photoshop
SRIIT Computers
N.H. Goel Finishing School
Raipur

All Things Small    2020 to 2021
Video Editor and Motion Graphics 
Artiﬆ
Worked on an Edu Tech course for 
Entri, daily video news on various 
platforms, designed and edited all 
videos under the 47 label. 
The Wire   2017 to 2018
Video Editor and Motion Graphics 
Artiﬆ
Was an integral part of the video 
team. Researched, shot and edited 
various episodes of Jan Gan Man Ki 
Baat, Karan Thapar Show and 
several others for the youtube 
channel. Worked alongside brilliant 
journaliﬆs and gained insight at what 
it takes to be a journaliﬆ.
Jamun    2018 
Video Editor and Motion Graphics 
Artiﬆ
Was brought in to edit and design a 
series on India's biggeﬆ ﬆart ups, 
Stories of the Newhood. 
Symbiosis Center for Media 
& Communication - 2015 
Bachelor of Media Studies
Specialisation: Audio Visual
New Delhi      asad112ali@gmail.com       +91-98601-40457
Creative and deadline-driven Video Editor with 4 years career experience in media and 
entertainment environments. Highly adept in Adobe Creative Suite, poﬆ production process, 
and non-linear editing. Possesses excellent time management and organisational skill. 
ASAD ALI
Video Editor and Motion Graphic Artist
Education
Tanvi Gandhi - Worked on an 
8 Part Documentary series as 
an editor, AD and assiﬆant 
producer.
Teacher For India - Worked 
as an Assiﬆant Teacher to 
class of 4th Graders for 6 
weeks
Music Baﬆi - Worked as a 
motion graphic artiﬆ  for their 
youtube channel and 
photographer for their annual 
magazine.
Internships
Experience
After Eﬀects
Premiere Pro
Photoshop
Illuﬆrator
Expertise
English
Hindi
Languages
Urdu

Travel
Music
Writing
Chess
INTERESTS
LANGUAGE 
PORTFOLIO LINK : 
WORK EXPERIENCE
X STUDIOZ / Pondicherry
CHAITHANYA PROJECT PVT LTD / Bangalore
Graphic Designer, Video Editing 
 https://www.behance.net/kirubanithy
2021-2022
2013 - 2015
X STUDIOZ / Bangalore
Graphic Designer, Video Editing 
2016 - 2017
SPIRITUAL HIERARCHY PUBLICATION TRUST / Chennai 
 Graphic Designer, Motion Graphic, Video Editing 
2017 - 2019
FOCALPLANE MEDIA / CChennai 
 Graphic Designer, Motion Graphic, Video Editing 
2019 - 2021
AMAZE ANIMATION AND TECHNOLOGY / Pondicherry
2D VFX Instructor
2015 - 2016
 Graphic Designer, VFX, Video Editing 
KHATIB & ALAMI / Bangalore
2022-Present
 Graphic Designer, VFX, Video Editing 
PHONE
+91 8217731735
EMAIL
Knithy21@gmail.com
AREA
Whiteeld, Bangalore,
Karnataka-560066
FCP
After Eﬀects
Canon DSLR 
Video Camera
English
Tamil
Hindi
Premier Pro
Indesign
Illustrator
Photoshop
EXPERTISE
EDUCATION
B.SC VISUAL COMMUNICATION 
MANONMANIAM SUNDARANAR UNIVERSITY  
Aggregate of  65.8% .
2010-2013
PROFILE
Dedicated & Hard working Graphic Designer & VFX With 10 Years Experince 
Who Loves To Pursue a Challenging Career That Provides Me Opportunities 
To Widen My Skills and To Apply Them Practically For The Overall 
Development Of  The Concern I work For And Myself.
Kiruba NIthy
Graphic Designer & VFX Artist

Faris Khan
faris.khan456@gmail.com
London
EDUCATION
London
Masters
University of Sunderland
Master's degree in International Business Management with global exposure to 
business and marketing
Extensive knowledge of international business and marketing, including cultural 
considerations in different countries
Winner of Best Marketing Campaign for a vegan restaurant project, showcasing 
creativity and innovation in marketing strategies
Experience:
Vast experience in global business, with a focus on investment strategies based on 
comparative analysis
Strong understanding of how marketing can influence consumer behavior and 
increase brand awareness
Proven ability to develop and execute successful marketing campaigns, as 
demonstrated by winning the Best Marketing Campaign award in the Master's 
program
Skills and Abilities:
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build and 
maintain relationships with stakeholders from diverse backgrounds
Detail-oriented with a focus on accuracy and precision in project management
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to analyze complex data 
and identify actionable insights
Creative and innovative mindset, with a passion for exploring new ideas and 
approaches in business and marketing.
Mumbai
Bachelor 
Mumbai university 
Mumbai
Business management
Mumbai university
Bachelor's degree in Business Management with a specialization in Marketing
Studies in Logistics, Traditional Marketing, and Digital Marketing
Finance studies in Investing and Money Management
Skills and Abilities:
Expertise in Marketing strategies, including traditional and digital marketing 
techniques, to promote business growth and increase brand awareness
Proficient in logistics and supply chain management to ensure efficient and cost-
effective operations
Strong financial acumen in investing and money management to make informed 
business decisions
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build and 
maintain strong relationships with clients, colleagues, and stakeholders
Results-driven mindset, with a focus on achieving targets and meeting deadlines
With this entry, you highlight your education, relevant studies, and key skills and 
abilities that you can bring to the table. This can help potential employers quickly 
understand your background and what you can offer to their organization.
Faris Khan
faris.khan456@gmail.com
1 / 2
SKILLS
Marketing and investment
Exceptional marketing skills with a creative 
mindset, capable of developing highly effective 
marketing campaigns for products and companies 
Strong ability to understand and analyze products 
and companies quickly, enabling the development 
of tailored marketing strategies 
Proficient in crafting compelling written content for 
marketing campaigns, leveraging skills honed 
during studies and recognized success in global 
strategy 
Solid understanding of business principles gained 
through a Bachelor's degree in Business and a 
Master's degree in International Business 
Management 
Keen aptitude for researching and analyzing 
companies, demonstrated by identifying 25 high-
potential stocks in 2020, with approximately 20 
already exceeding 600 percent growth
Faris Khan
faris.khan456@gmail.com
2 / 2

 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
ahmedessamshelbaya (LinkedIn)
twitter.com/AhmedShelbaya
(Personal)
Top Skills
Mobile Communications
Customer Experience
Strategy
Ahmed Essam Shelbaya
CEO at Vodafone UK
London, England, United Kingdom
Summary
Proud to lead Vodafone in its home nation, keeping the UK
connected. Commercially astute Chief Executive Officer with more
than 17 years of industry leadership experience across Europe, The
Middle East and Africa.
I have extensive experience in customer care, financial planning, and
sales & marketing gained during my time as Vodafone Group Chief
Commercial and Strategy Officer; CEO, Vodafone Europe Cluster;
and CEO of Vodafone Egypt. 
I have particular expertise in global brand and marketing strategy,
big data and analytics and the delivery of new products and services,
such as our new Consumer IoT range, Vodafone Smart Tech.
Looking forward to making Vodafone UK an even greater British tech
success story.
Experience
Vodafone
17 years 10 months
CEO Vodafone UK
February 2021 - Present (2 years 6 months)
Group Chief Commercial Operations & Strategy Officer
October 2018 - February 2021 (2 years 5 months)
CEO Europe Cluster
September 2016 - September 2018 (2 years 1 month)
Chief Executive Officer
July 2014 - August 2016 (2 years 2 months)
Group Commercial Management Director
April 2013 - June 2014 (1 year 3 months)
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
London, United Kingdom
Develop the Consumer Marketing strategic agenda, propositions and Go To
Market
Develop and deploy Customer Value Management capabilities and best
practice across markets aimed at value management, retention; CVM, Pricing
and Prepay capability in an integrated approach
Define and work with markets on strategic pricing. Provide best practice
guidance on propositions and services pricing. Define and Manage the
wholesale pricing framework. Ensure consistency of execution across
operating companies
Develop and roll out customer profitability models, ensuring optimisation
of the use of A&R investments for better profitability. Managing New A&R
Propositions
Define Group Commercial strategy on key topics and trends (Roaming, Over
The Top [e.g. Skype, whatsapp], convergence) through working with different
commercial areas and markets.
Regional Commercial Director - AMAP Africa, Middle East, Asia, Pacific
Region
January 2012 - March 2013 (1 year 3 months)
London, United Kingdom
Work closely with operating countries commercial teams to develop and
execute on commercial & brand strategy and specific commercial initiatives/
challenges 
Lead for the Region on business development activity with small/medium
targets and in support of the Regional CEO on major business cases
Proactively drive commercial best practice sharing across the region and/
or Europe; target and track execution of commercial practice with tangible
business impact
Lead and support the execution of Group Commercial priorities across the
region; identifying and coordinating Group resources and expertise to deliver
specific initiatives
Lead for Group Commercial on the assessment and upgrade of commercial
talent within the OpCos
Consumer Business Unit Director
March 2010 - December 2011 (1 year 10 months)
Direct report to CEO, Responsible for Consumer Sales and Marketing as well
as Marketing shared services
Customer Care Director
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
June 2007 - June 2010 (3 years 1 month)
Direct report to CEO
Managed more than 3000 employees in 5 Contact Centres and 43 Retail
Stores.
Overall Responsible for Customer Service, Retail and Consumer Credit and
Collections
Head of CRM
October 2005 - May 2007 (1 year 8 months)
Education
IMD
 · (2007 - 2007)
Henley Business School
 
Page 3 of 3

Seth Ayush Vijay
UX/UI Designer
+91 9454056286
guptaayush03@gmail.com
Jhansi, India
linkedin.com/in/seth-ayush-
vijay-b89575236
behance.net/sethayush
Figma
Advance
Intermediate
Intermediate
Intermediate
Intermediate
Beginner
Intermediate
Intermediate
Intermediate
Intermediate
Adobe XD
Figjam
InVision
Maze
Illustrator
Google Sheet
Miro
Google Forms
UX Design
CONTACT
SKILLS
WORK EXPERIENCE
PROFILE
EDUCATION
Bachelor Of Technology
Intermediate
High School
2020
2015
2013
Hindustan College Of Science And 
Technology
B.N.N College
Sun International School
In Computer Science
In Science
In Science
Freelancer UX/UI Designer
UX/UI Designer, Swazei
Engineer, Tata Elxsi Limited
Trainee Software Engineer, Webkul Software PVT
January, 2021  -  January, 2023
January, 2023  -  Present
April, 2021  -  October, 2022
January, 2020  -  December, 2020
Creating user-centered designs by understanding business 
requirements, and design process.
Creating user-centered designs by understanding business 
requirements, and design process.
I am working as a UX/UI designer for two years as a freelance and now 
working full-time, and In total, I have 2.1 years of experience in the 
field. I've worked on more than 18 live projects from scratch. While 
working with new businesses and existing companies allowed me to 
develop a wide range of skills. Assisting them to create user-friendly 
designs that solve user problems. The majority of these products were 
websites, mobile apps, and SaaS offerings. I adore designing and 
taking responsibility for any given design work.
Involved in the development of products based on the 
Android platform. 
I was working in Cs-Cart department. I have contributed in 
the development different modules. 
Using UX Concepts to design solutions for business to grow.
Using UX Concepts to design solutions for business to grow.
Understand the digital devices over where android can run.
I have a good understanding of the E-commerce platform.
Delivering the high-fedility designs solutions, along with all 
the assets to the development team,
I have learned how in future we will be using technology.
PROJECTS
LANGUAGES
SOFT SKILLS
INTERESTS
TECHNOLOGY STACK
English
Time management
Designing
HTML & CSS
German
Communication
Reading Articles
PHP
Hindi
Adaptability
React Js
Problem-solving
Playing outdoor games
Android AOSP
Teamwork
Helping in Chores
My SQL
Watching Science Fiction Series
Java Script
Creativity
Leadership
Attention to detail
Work ethic
Website Design, Prans | UI Designer
Mobile App Design, Yello Bag | UX/UI Designer
Mobile App Design, MTD | UI Designer
Website Design, CorporateLoft | UI Designer
Mobile App Re-Designer, Olive Green | UI Designer
UX Case Study on Fitness App | UX Designer
January 2022 - January 2022 
Febuary 2022 - Febuary 2022  
March 2022 - April 2022 
April 2022 - April 2022
May 2022 - June 2022 
September 2022 -  November 2022
My responsibility were to re-designing the website. Which will help
to reach potental customers for pitching, selling products and 
many more.
We were working on a problem of ad-sense implementation 
Through design thining approach we came up with an intresting
solution for it.
MTD short for My Travelling Date, a new generation mobile
app that is for youngsters to plan and find a date.
CorporateLoft is a IT Services Startup basued out in Canada,
They are dealing on all services, business services and more.
Olive Green is a startup that is Building & Facilities
Management Customized Software
Was aware users were conscious about their health, but 
not doing anything for it.
Project Link: https://bit.ly/3GmKI0y
Project Link: https://bit.ly/3I5XOA0
Project Status - Still in Development
Project Link:  https://bit.ly/3GQsaYd
Project Status - Still in Developing Stage.
Project Link - https://bit.ly/3GikVKj
Refined the design and designed Hi-Fidelity designs and 
mockups and concluded the project.
My responsibility were to provide them an entire application 
design for mobile devices.
My responsibility were to provide them an entire application
re-design for mobile devices.
My responsibility were to provide them an entire website design,
along with the Admin & User portal.
My responsibility were to provide them an re-design mobile 
application using Design thinking approach.
I have conducted User Research,  defined problem 
statements, designed personas, and conducted usability 
testing on the proposed solutions.
Fluent
Beginner
Fluent

Aman Agarwal
System Engineer
Tata Consultancy Services Limited
Get in touch!
Professional Summary
IT Professional with 3.5
years of experience in full
software development life
cycle, chat bot development
and delivery of next-
generation applications and
customizable solutions.
I am seeking a company
where I can use my
experience and education to
help the company meet and
surpass its goals and I can
improve my skills and will
learn new technologies.
Mobile:  +91 - 9897316171
Email:
amanag029@gmail.com
Employment History
Senior Python Developer
TCS Research and Innovation Labs
Project - Intelligent Onboarding Solution ( TCS iOB )
Noida | July 2022 - Present
- Developed Minutes of Meeting ( MoM ) Generator
- Involves in iOB virtual assistant  development,  
   deployment and support phases.    
- Contribution to SoP document creation from mht and
   video file.
Senior Python Developer
TCS Research and Innovation Labs
Project - Artificial Intelligence for Contextual Master (SSA)
Noida | Jun 2021 - June 2022
- Auto extraction of entity concepts
- AI Recommendations to address imbalances in narrative
- Compute 'Application Score Index' for each CM story
- Document pre-processing script
- Parallelization of pipeline execution
- Clustering the CM stories based on pre-defined themes
- Visualization of datasets using Fusion Charts
Python Developer
TCS Research and Innovation Labs
Project - Semantics System and Knowledge Synthesis (SSA)
Noida | May 2019 - May 2021 
- Development of chatbot framework i.e. conversational
  dialogue system that uses concepts of Knowledge 
  Synthesis for intra-enterprise use to provide knowledge 
  assisted QA engine.
- Data Harvesting for Knowledge Synthesis Framework.
-  Create various training console commands.
Specializations
- Python
- Flask
- Django
- OOPS
- ORM Experience
- SQL
- SQLAlchemy
- PostgreSQL
- Knowledge Synthesis
- Git
- Pandas
- Fast API
- REST API
- Redis
- AWS
- JAVA
- Linux
- Chatbot Frameworks
   (Google Dialogflow,
     Knadia - TCS Internal)
Release Engineer
TCS Research and Innovation Labs
Project - Semantics System and Knowledge Synthesis (SSA)
Noida | Sept 2018 - Apr 2019 
- Developed shell scripts and Python programs for 
  automation
- Manage source code control system and  maintain 
  documentation.
- Resolve software issues and develop an efficient 
  deployment process.
- Support globally distributed teams.
- Maintain complete IP Safe activity for the product.
- Communicate releases related activities to all the 
  stakeholders.
- Deployment and management was done for production 
  environment of various clients like Landmark Group,     
  McKinsey, MTN Group, Cainz, DGFT(GoI),etc. and 
  TCS internal production environment.
Academic Attainment
Bachelor of Technology, 
(Computer Science & Engineering)
KIET Group of Institutions, AKTU
2014 - 2018
- Developed components like Data Housekeeping for 
  chatbot, dialogue driven through Knowledge Graph.
- Implemented Data Ingestion in Knowledge Graph
   using Audit Logs , File upload, APIs, etc.
- Developed Bot Driven Dialogue for various entity 
   types of Knowledge Graph to resolve inconsistency   
   among instances.
- Involved in various PoCs of clients like McKinsey, 
   DGFT (GoI), LandMark Group,etc.
 
Awards & Certifications
     Received ON THE SPOT AWARD from TCS HR 
     Digitization Unit for supporting throughout all releases.
     Received Technical Excellence Award from TCS MEA
     R&I for providing technical assitance during various  
     events displaying KNADIA chatbot framework. 
     Received ON THE SPOT AWARD from TCS R&I for
     successful completion of IP Safe for TCS internal chatbot 
     framework. 
     Microsoft Certified Azure Fundamentals Certification
        

 
 
 
P Kishore 
Kishore1ga19ee034@gmail.com 
8971860509 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kishore-p-ore-6bb610243 
 
CAREER OBJECTIVE: 
Build a long term career in a conductive and progressive organizational environment which 
provides wider exposure for continuous learning process with ample opportunities for future 
career growth. To use my skills and techniques in the best possible way for achieving the 
company's goals and increases its profitability and growth. 
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS: 
 Programming Languages: C, C++ and basics of Python 
 Electrical design such as embedded c, VLSI design, embedded hardware desings. 
 Analog circuits such as switching circuits, dc-dc converters, invertors etc. 
 Digital electronics, power electronics circuits. 
 Electric machine design such as transformers, alternators etc. 
 Basic knowledge about SCADA. 
EDUCATION: 
 
Degree/Course Institute/College 
Institute/College Percentage/ 
CGPA 
Year of 
Passing 
B E in 
electrical and 
electronics 
engineering 
Global 
Academy 
Of Technology 
Bengaluru 
Visvesvaraya 
Technological 
University 
(VTU), 
Belgaum 
7.45 CGPA 
 
2023 
PUC/12th in 
PCMB 
Shee Sahyadri 
collage Tekal 
road, Kolar 
Karnataka 
State Board 

2019 
SSLC/ 10th 
Gnana Jyothi school 
Mulbagal, Kolar 
ICSE, New Delhi 
2017 
 
MINI PROJECTS: 
1. PANIC ALARM 
In this project, I will show how to design and build a simple panic alarm circuit using 555 
Timer IC and a few other easily available components. This can used to activate an alarm in case of 
any emergencies. 
There can be any sudden situation of panic. It could be because of an intruder entering our house or 
bad health status. Situations can be many for panicking and may vary from person to person. 
During such emergencies, we might be unable to intimate to the people around us. At that time we 
use Panic alarm. 
 
 
 
2. CONVERSION OF SOUND ENERGY TO ELECTICAL VOLATGE. 
This can be done by using a transducer by converting vibrations caused by noise into 
electrical energy. The vibrations created by the noise can be converted into electrical 
energy through the principle of electromagnetic induction. The demonstrated ideas probe 
into a clean and readily available source of energy. 
3. RC SUBMARINE. 
 
          Nowadays, RC (radio control) submarine canbe used to do underwater monitoring. In this 
project, the costwill be optimum and using an easy to obtain parts. The mainthings in the RC 
submarine are controller system andwatertight. The important components in the controllercircuit are 
ESC and radio control module and propellermotor. For direction control servo motor is used to 
controlsurface unit. The ballast tank is made from PVC (poly vinylchloride) pipes, sockets and round 
shape. To make a controlsystem for the ballast system is the tough challenge in thisproject. The circuit 
is sensitive and easy to malfunctions. Thesubmarine can be controlled by using remote control 
deviceand can broadcast underwater scene using on board wirelesscamera. 
 
      STRENGTHS: 
 
Self-Motivated
 
Punctual
 
Working smart
 
Respect
 
Punctual 
 
Disciplined

HOBBIES: 
 
Singing
 
Dancing
 
Sports
 
Travelling
 
Swimming,
 
Reading magazines
 
CERTIFICATION: 
 Certified by SkillUP Simplilearn for completing course on programming with python 3.X.

    INTERNSHIP: 
 
I have perused my intern at ARDC, HAL Bangalore. It was good experience at HAL by learning lot of 
things on aircrafts, testing of aircrafts. I had experience by learning software such as AutoCAD, 
CATIA etc. I visited lab of LCA aircraft and learned some of testing such as NTT testing of LCA 
aircraft. I had good experience and had intern upto 1 month at HAL. 
  
 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS: 
Address: 
Subash Chandra Bose street, Muthyalpet, Mulbagal, Kolar dist 
Date of Birth: 
16-04-2001 
Gender: 
Male 
Nationality: 
Indian 
Languages Known: 
Tamil, Kannada, Telugu, English. 
 
 
 
DECLARATION: 
I hereby declared that the above-mentioned details are true to the best of my knowledge. If given 
an opportunity to work under your organization, I shall discharge my duties to the best ability and 
to the satisfaction of my superior. 
 
P.KISHORE 




 

P R A V E E N  N A N D A
 
SUMMARY :
EDUCATION :
INTERESTS :
CONTACT INFORMATION :
Projects :
Full Stack Developer with a passion for learning new technologies and programming 
languages. Skilled in JavaScript, HTML, CSS, React, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, and 
MySQL. Strong problem-solving skills and ability to work collaboratively with a team.
SKILLS :
Programming languages: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Python
Front-end technologies: React, Vue.js, AngularJS, jQuery, Bootstrap
Back-end technologies: Node.js, Express.js, Flask
Databases: MongoDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL
Other technologies: Git, Heroku, AWS, Firebase
Strong problem-solving skills
Participating in hackathons and coding competitions
Learning new programming languages and technologies
Volunteering at local coding events and meetups
Bachelor of Technology (BTech)
Jayamukhi Institute of Technological Sciences(JITS) 
Graduated: August 2022
+918639012164
praveennanda124@gmail.com
My Portfolio
My Blogs
Linked In
Twitter
My GIT HUB
Recipe website (LINK) :
                                         FlavorFrenzy is a recipe website with a wide variety of 
cuisines and dietary options. Discover and share delicious recipes with easy-to- 
follow instructions and vibrant images. 
Weather App (LINK) :
                                        WeatherCast is a React-based weather app that provides 
accurate and up-to-date weather forecasts for your location and any other location 
you want to check.
Expense App (LINK) :
                                          MoneyMinder is a personal finance app with budgeting and 
expense tracking features. Set financial goals, monitor your spending
Certifications :
Full stack development
Web development
Data Structures & Algorithms

Pitta Vikash
Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh, 532263 | vikashpitta@gmail.com
Education
NXT wave Disruptive Technologies
Jun 2021 - Ongoing
Industry Ready Certification in Full Stack Development
Kakinada Institute of Engineering & Technologies, Kakinada
2015 - 2019
B.Tech (Electronics & Communication Engineering) [66.07%]
Krishna Sai Junior College, Sompeta
2012 - 2014
Intermediate (MPC) [91.7%]
Skills
Front End: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, React.js*
Back End: Python, Express*, Node.js*
Databases: SQLite, MongoDB*
*courses yet to be complete.
Projects
Portfolio-Project
Developed a responsive website for the Portfolio of a person where other people like interviewers can
see a list of projects, skills, testimonials, contact info
 
Designed page by using HTML structure elements and by using different bootstrap components to
show different sections in the website and different Bootstrap classes for responsiveness through the
mobile-first approach.
 
Displayed testimonials from different people using bootstrap carousel components.
Technologies used: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap
https://vick1portfolio.ccbp.tech/#
E-Commerce-Project
Developed an E-Commerce website where users can go through different products, detailed information about
a product offers, and contact us info.
 
Designed page using following HTML structure elements and footer elements by using different
bootstrap components to show different sections in the website and different bootstrap classes for
responsiveness through the mobile-first approach.
 
Implemented product youtube videos by using bootstrap embed and model components and displayed
multiple images of offers in a carousel using a bootstrap carousel.
Technologies used: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap
https://vikakaecommerce.ccbp.tech/
VR-Project
Developed a responsive website for VR products where users can see a list of products, detailed information
about a product and trending blogs, contact us info
 
Designed page using HTML structure elements, footer elements by using different bootstrap
components to show different sections in the website.
 
Implemented responsiveness by using Bootstrap grid system and flex classes and CSS box model
properties through a mobile-first approach.
Technologies used: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap
https://vickyvirtualpge.ccbp.tech
Achievements
 
Completed NCC along with my graduation in the Air Wing.
 
Created an impact on the public by participating in awareness rallies.

AMERSO BASSIOUNY 
University College London WC1E 
Email: amersobassiouny269@gmail.com | 07908596329 
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/amerso-bassiouny-b34231213/ 
 EDUCATION 
 
University College London 
09/20- 06/23 
  
BA Hons, English Language and Literature 
  
Received a commendation from the English Department for excellent performance in First- 
Year Sessional Examinations. Obtained a 2:1 in Second Year. 
 
Durham Johnston Comprehensive School 
9/17-7/20 
  
A Level: English Literature (B) English Literature (A* retaken), History (A), Geography (A). 
  
AS Level: English Language (A), Modern Greek (A). 
 
Durham Community Business College 
9/16-6/17 
  
7 GCSEs A*-A, 3 GCSEs 9-6 including Maths and English. 
 RELEVANT EXPERIENCE 
 
Client Services Analyst Intern, Similarweb 
06/22-09/22 
  
Shadowed a range of professionals across the Client Services division including a Solutions 
Engineer, Success Analysts, Success Strategist, Investors Analyst and Account Manager. 
  
Crafted press kits for distribution to Similarweb's clients (e.g. Nestle, Carrefour etc.) and 
delivered press coverage summaries to the Marketing Department in relation to 
Similarweb's acquirement of Rank Ranger. 
  
Analysed a range of segment, traffic and channel data using the Similarweb platform and 
identified strategic and tactical opportunities for over 20 clients. 
  
Devised 2 bespoke training decks for Phillips DA Netherlands which were used in 
Similarweb's upselling negotiations. Phillips was upsold by 50 users bringing in an additional 
$90k ARR. 
  
Created insight emails, decks, and vidyards to promote strong account health and satisfaction. 
  
Delivered insights for 2 Blitz days in which over 50 insight emails and decks were created, 
and increased client engagement by 20% for the month of July. 
  
Investigated and evaluated Similarweb's client engagement strategy as part of my final 
internship project. The project was deemed to be of ‘great KPI value' by the Principal Client 
Success Analyst and was requested as a recording to be presented to central management. 
 
Part-time Content Creator, StudySmarter 
09/21-02/22 
  
Researched, edited, and formatted over 80 educational articles for the History and English (A- 
Level and GCSE) curriculum. 
  
Peer-reviewed the articles of other content creators and employed Ryte to optimise the 
searchability of the articles. 
  
Navigated advanced software including GatherContent and StudySmarter's creators' 
platform. 
  
Awarded €100 bonus payment as recognition of excellent content production. 
 
Global FinTech Intern, Centre for Finance, Technology and Entrepreneurship 
08/21 
  
Selected from a pool of 4000+ candidates across the world to be part of a 1,000-student 
cohort. 
  
Conducted intensive research into the best business model for PayPal to adopt in order to 
remain dominant in digital payments on its way to Super App status. Analysed 10 data sets on 
key markets, competitors and best position regarding merchants. 
  
Completed 8 masterclasses on AI in finance, Blockchain, Cryptocurrencies, and Open 
Banking. 
  
Participated in 5 Panel discussions with world-class banks, platforms, and companies such as 
Mastercard, PayPal, Onfido, R3, Grayce etc. 
Head of Research and Welfare, Bentham Brooks Institute 
04/21-04/22 
  
Supervised 5 research teams to ensure a harmonised research process at UCL's student-led 
think-tank. 
  
Reviewed the research papers monthly and conducted bi-monthly meetings with each team in 
order to assess their progress in regard to the research timeline. 
  
Restructured the selection process for Methodological and Topical advisors. They were 
chosen and contacted before the start of term which saved 2 months in the research timeline. 
  
Democratised the topic selection process. The active participation of junior researchers 
increased satisfaction ratings by 35%. 
 
Associate Editor, Cambridge Journal of Law, Politics and Art 
02/21-08/21 
  
Edited over 20 articles (Over 10,000 words long) related to the Arts section and made sure 
they adhere to the Cambridge Editorial Handbook. 
  
Collaborated with other Editors to ensure articles by external contributors remain faithful to 
an intersectional view of the ‘Arts'. 
  
Edited the content of submissions where this requirement was not met. As a whole, we 
produced over 440 pages. The Journal is available in bookshops across London and 
Cambridge. 
 
Circl Future Leader 
9/20-02/21 
  
Completed a 6-week coaching internship and attained proficiency in the TGROW and 
CLEAR models. 
  
Attained a coaching certification recognised by the British Association for Coaching. 
  
Participated in bi-weekly 1-to-1 coaching sessions with a professional where coaching skills 
were applied to real-life business examples. 
  
Coached and was coached by professionals of different positions within the marketing 
industry (e.g. ‘Mention Me', a referral marketing start-up). 
 HONOURS and CERTIFICATIONS 
 
Samsung Electronics Tech500 Hackathon Participant 
04/22 
  
Designed an innovative idea to help local businesses attract more customers. 
  
Took ownership of the brand-building of our app which I named ‘SimplyLocal'. As it was 
aimed towards the Bangladeshi community of Brick Lane, I made sure to use green and red 
to reflect commitment towards Bangladeshi identity. I also created the company's motto: 
‘Thinking Local, Thinking of You'.  
  
Took initiative to propose and direct the team's dramatic skit to introduce our presentation, 
which was unique among the nine teams. 
  
Team came third out of nine teams and was especially praised for creativity. 
 
Digital Marketing Intern, Learning Curve Group 
09/21-10/21 
  
Completed a six-week introduction to digital marketing and mastered SMART goals, brand 
awareness, ROI measurement, HCI etc. 
  
Introduced to front-end coding. Included training in HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Progress 
was assessed through weekly digital labs on uCertify. 
  
Curated the front-end part of a website as proof of competency. 
  
Achieved a Level 3 certification in digital marketing 
 
Winner of the Euroscola Languages competition 
02/18 
  
Worked in a team to craft a short film script in several European languages advocating the 
continuation of freedom of movement after Brexit. Performed the second leading role in the 
short film. 
  
Acted as Representative of Britain at the European Parliament where I debated future EU 
policy (e.g., the prospect of a European army, European identity, trade etc.). 
 

1 
 
IRENE FLORENCE WAITHERA NJOROGE 
Tel : +254 711 339 315    II    Email : irenewaithera93@gmail.com 
 
CAREER PROFILE SUMMARY 
An enthusiastic, meticulous and creative professional with a background in finance and marketing. Competent 
in formulating, implementing and performance analysis of strategic marketing initiatives and plans, proficient in 
finance and procurement processes, fostering a positive working environment and ensuring compliance with 
industry and company regulations.    
 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 
Year of Birth: 20th August 1993. 
EDUCATION BACKGROUND 
 
Bachelor of Commerce, Finance Option:  University of Nairobi; 2018. 
 
Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education: Buruburu Girls Secondary School; 2011. 
PROFESSIONAL COURSES 
 
Professional in Digital Marketing: (CIM) - Ongoing. 
 
Certificate in Quick Books: Institute of Advanced Technology; 2017. 
 
Certified Public Accountant, Section 1: KASNEB 
 
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES  
 
Customer Service  
 
Communication and Interpersonal skills 
 
Market Research and Analysis 
 
Leadership  
 
Adaptability and Flexibility 
 
Multi-tasking and time management skills 
 
An enthusiastic team player 
 
Networking 
 
Sales and Marketing  
 
Creating brand awareness 
 
Segmentation, positioning and targeting 
 
Information Technology (IT)  
 
Video editing skills using Adobe Premiere Pro  
 
Photo editing and poster creation skills using Canva 
 
Secretarial Skills 
 
ERP specifically Quick Books and Oracle 
 
Planning and Organizing skills 
 
Proficiency in general office software that is, Microsoft Word, Excel and Power Point 
WORK HISTORY 
Internal Audit Assistant 
Public Sector Accounting Standards Board; April 2022 - To Date 
Duties, Responsibilities and Achievements 
 
Proof reading assigned documents to be sent out or utilized internally in terms of context, grammar and 
spelling mistakes. 
 
Creating a stakeholder engagement database of all Semi-Autonomous Government Agencies, Ministries and 
State departments, Commissions, Funds, Public Universities and Tertiary learning institutions to be utilized 
internally.  
 
Communicating with above mentioned stakeholders on various engagement workshops through emails, 
phone calls and conferences. 
 
Support staff for the Head of Internal Audit and Accounting Officer for Internal Audits conducted. 
 
Assisting stakeholders, for example National Museum of Kenya streamline their Internal Audit Manuals and 
processes. 
2 
 
 
Creating power point presentations for assigned topics. 
 
Filming and editing videos for the PR department depending on the managers' specifications. 
 
Conducting stock take with the Procurement department as assigned by the procurement manager. 
 
Reception desk tasks, that is receiving calls, letters and giving feedback to external individuals who need 
assistance and clarifications from internal staff. 
 
Screening applications for various PSASB job applicants. 
Assistant Accountant; Accounts Payable, Finance Department 
Kenya Airways; April 2019 to January 2021 
Duties, Responsibilities and Achievements 
 
Receiving and establishing compliance of invoices from KQ Commercial stores and suppliers.  
 
Matching received invoices to their respective LPO's and GRN's. 
 
Presenting posted invoices for payment processing to various approvers. 
 
Following up and ensuring resolve for invoices with issues.  
 
Ensuring payments are made on time and as per terms date. 
 
Accruing for expenses not reported in the previous month. 
 
Passing Journals to correct various misposted costs. 
 
Supplier statement reconciliations in every payment submitted. 
 
Planning and coordination of department functions and work related events such as department parties, 
burials and any other event as assigned. 
Intern, Finance Department 
Kenya Airways; November 2018 to March 2019 
Duties, Responsibilities and Achievements 
 
Receiving invoices from stores at Kenya Airways and suppliers. 
 
Ensuring invoices are compliant with KQ finance policies. 
 
Posting invoices to ERP and matching them to various purchase orders. 
 
Working with suppliers to acquire statements and required invoices. 
 
Paying various KQ vendors and ensuring payments are up to date. 
 
Accruing for expenses not reported during the required financial period. 
 
PAST ENGAGEMENTS AND PROFESIONAL TRAINING 
A. Content Creator for my YouTube, Instagram and Facebook from January 2021 to December 2021. 
Duties, Responsibilities and Achievements include: 
 
Brainstorming and coming up with content ideas. 
 
Filming the content. 
 
Editing and thorough polishing of footage using Adobe Premiere Pro. 
 
Uploading of content on the various social media platforms. 
 
Analysis of content engagement and feedback which leads to finding ways of improving quality of content. 
 
Photography, ensuring lighting and aesthetics are good leading to good quality photos. 
 
Curation of appealing YouTube thumbnails and Instagram posters. 
 
B. Ran an Online Organic Hair Care Line and a Second-hand Clothes Dealership in partnership with 
some friends from 2017-2018. Duties, Responsibilities and Achievements include: 
 
Sourcing for cheaper quality raw materials. 
 
Batch Recording.  
 
Running of an Online Thrift Store on Facebook and Instagram.  
 
Purchasing of stocks. 
 
Washing and repairing the clothes if need be. 
 
Taking orders and making deliveries. 
 
Communicating with my partners about any relevant updates or activities relating to the online stores. 
 
Conducting photoshoots for purposes of modelling the outfits. 
 
C. Outward Bound Trust Kenya: Team Building Training; 2022. 
 
ACHIEVEMENTS 
 
Increased stakeholder engagement by 65%. 
3 
 
 
Successful market research, implementation and execution of marketing plans and strategy by 79%. 
 
Triumphed in the reduction of Vendor Statement balances by 60%. This was done by ensuring timely 
payments as per credit terms and resolve of multiple invoices with issues. 
 
Successfully coordinated supervision of a KQ Intern, liaising with the departmental head to ensure 
compliance with ERP, finance and general company policies. 
 
Successful planning of social and corporate events such as the Launch of the Public Sector Accounting 
Standards Board strategic plan. 
 
Successfully launched and ran a YouTube Channel, Instagram and Facebook Accounts. Managed to gain 
207 subscribers on YouTube which amassed 13,151 views, Instagram followers increased by 3000, that is 
from 2500 to 5587 and I gained 1200 Facebook followers in a span of 6 months. 
 
60% reduction of invoices with issues due to vigilant follow-ups for resolve working hand in hand with the 
procurement department. 
 
Stakeholder database development has improved PSASB connections with the public sector by 75% and 
raised awareness of the necessity of the board's existence. 
 
100% success in planning and coordination of office parties and events. 
 
PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIP 
 
Registered Member of the Chartered Institute of Marketing (CIM) 
 
PERSONAL INTERESTS 
  
Puzzles and Crosswords 
  
Reading 
  
Physical Exercise 
 
 
REFEREES 
Bonny L'souza 
Marketing Consultant/Tutor 
Simon Page College of Marketing 
Email: bonny@simonpage.ac.ke  
Tel: +254 723 626 471 
 
Dennis Lore 
Assistant Accountant Credit 
Control 
Kenya Airways 
Email: dennis.lore@kenya-
airways.com 
Tel:  +254 741 777 217 
CPA - Gilbert Ngeno 
Principal Officer Internal Audit 
Public Sector Accounting Standards 
Board (PSASB) 
Email: gilbertngeno63@gmail.com 
Tel:  +254 722 473 846 
 
 

VIDEO EDITOR
Matthew Panakal
Block 13 Villa 4, Bollineni
Hillside, Chennai 600131
@panakalmusic
panakal.matthew@gmail.com
WORK EXPERIENCE
ABOUT MYSELF
ACHIEVEMENTS
Video editing and Graphic design for most content on
social media with knowledge in Adobe Premiere pro,
Photoshop, Illustrator, After effects, Logic Pro X, Final
Cut Pro, Ableton Live, Reaper, Davinci Resolve, etc.
Updated and maintained official website of Aditi Mittal
and liaised with multiple corporate clients on different
platforms including Amazon MiniTV.
VIDEO EDITOR AND CREATIVE ASSISTANT
DIRECTOR
Aditi Mittal
2021 - 2022
Sunflower Tape Machine
Session bassist
Performed at multiple venues and festivals across India
Professional session musician, and aspiring audio
engineer with professional experience as a video editor,
graphic designer, music tutor and karate instructor
Work displayed on Amazon Prime, Amazon Mini TV,
BookMyShow and YouTube
Performed at big festivals across India, along side some
of the world's biggest International acts.
Won and headlined at multiple college festivals
State level at sports Karate during higher secondary
school
SESSION MUSICIAN
2022 - Present
Worked as a music teacher in multiple instruments,
such as drums, bass and guitar for all age groups.
Guiding students through grade examinations by Trinity
College of Music.
Worked as a Karate instructor at multiple branches
across Chennai. 
MUSIC TUTOR
KARATE INSTRUCTOR
Timbre School of Music
Gurukulam Shito-Ryu Karate Do
2020 - 2022
2017 - 2019
EDUCATION
B.sc in Visual Media
ICAT Design and Media College
2023
SOFTWARE
KNOWLEDGE
Adobe Premiere Pro
Adobe Photoshop
Apple Logic Pro X
Ableton Live 11 Suite
Apple Final Cut Pro
Reaper
Apple Garage Band
Davinci Resolve
Adobe After Effects

V i j a y  D h a g e
M A C H I N H E  L E A R N I N G  E N G I N E E R
9552062808
Yaldarkar Colany, Basmat Road,
Parbhani 431401.
dhage.vijay678@gmail.com
A professional with 3+ years of functional experience in preparing data, developing
and deploying highly scalable machine learning models. Hands on experience in
delivering valuable insights via data analytics and advanced data driven methods.  
worked on end to end ML and NLP project from data gathering g to model
deployment.
Excellent understanding of Machine learning  (both supervised and unsupervised )
techniques.
Experience with common data science toolkits such as Anaconda, NumPy, Pandas,
Matplotlib, Seaborn, scikit-learn, NLTK etc.
Well applied statistical skills such as distribution, statistical testing, regression,
correlation etc.
Well knowledge about the feature engineering and feature selection methods
Also worked on the API creation and model deployment part with AWS and analyze
the model performance and its accuracy.
English
Hindi
Marathi
L A N G U A G E
 knowledge of Machine Learning (both
Supervised and Unsupervised) : Linear
Regression, Logistic Regression, KNN,
Decision Tree, Random Forest, Adaboost,
Naive Bayes, K-Means Clustering, PCA 
Python/ Machine Learning Packages :
TensorFlow, Scikit-Learn, Pandas, NumPY,
Plotly, Matplotlib, Seaborn For Visualization,
Regex. 
Text Pre-Processing (NLP) : NLTK, Gensim,
Spacy, Tf-IDf, bag of words, Word2Vec,
Clustering and modelling.
Programming Languages : Python.
Database Languages : SQL, MongoDB.
Cloud : AWS, Azure.
Visualization tool : PowerBI
Frame Work : Flask, Django.
Other Skills : Jira, Postman, Excel, Windows,
Linux.
Project understanding & Co-ordination
 Strong decision maker
Quick Learner
 Adaptability
Honest
Domain : Finance
In this project our aim is to find the claim made by insured is fraudulent or not. To find
this we build a model with the help of Machine Learning technique which saves time
and get information about fraud claim . So that the correct insured claim will get the
money in less time and fraud claim will be caught easily and dismissed also.
Roles and Responsibilities : 
PROJECT 3 : SENTIMENT ANALYSIS WITH ROOT CAUSE DETECTION
Domain : Finance
In this project our aim is to find that, if we give credit card to the customer then that
customer  will refund all the money or not. On the basis of that client will decide to give
the credit card to the customer.
Roles and Responsibilities :
E D U C A T I O N
P R O F E S S I O N A L
E X P E R I E N C E
3+ Years of working experience with Bitwise
as Machine Learning Engineer from April
2020 till Date.
BE (ENTC)| SSBT'S COET Bambhori, Jalgaon |
2019 | 7.52
HSC |Vishwabharati Niwasi Jr. College | 2015 |
63.85% 
 SSC| Gandhi Vidhlaya Parbhani | 2012 | 82.55%
T E C H N I C A L  S K I L L S
K E Y  S K I L L S
P E R S O N A L  D E T A I L S
DOB : 20 / 10 / 1996
Marital Status : Single
Hobbies : Travelling , Listening Music,
Watching Movies.
P R O J E C T
PROJECT  1 :  FRAUDULENT INSURANCE CLAIM IDENTIFICATION.
PROJECT 2 : CREDIT CARD DEFAULTER PREDICTION
In this  project , we get the data of the sentiments of the customers on products of
client and based on that sentiments we  try to find the reason behind the less sell of the
product and build a model  which detect the bad sentiments and their  cause and help
client to improve the services and increase sell.
Roles and Responsibilities :
P R O F E S S I O N A L  S U M M A R Y
Help develop vision, business case, modelling and operational project plans for end-
to-end ML solutions. 
Lead the development of data science/ML models for high business areas .
 Work on all stages of data science / ML project -exploration and conceptualization
POC (Proof of concept), data preparation and model deployment.
 Lead the development of standard building blocks for usage across multiple ML
algorithm. 
Create API's and deploy the model on cloud.
 To carryout pre-processing, cleaning of data and to verify integrity of data
 To visualize and analyse data with data visualization with various python libraries to
get insights of available data
 To develop appropriate machine learning model using various algorithms so it can
satisfy the requirements with better efficiency.
 To develop appropriate machine learning model using various algorithms so it can
satisfy the requirements with better efficiency.
To perform Tokenization and crating data frames by using Count vectorizer like Bag
of words and TF-IDF Word2Vec. Feature extraction and feature selection.
 Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor
outcomes.
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyse model performance and data
accuracy.

Social Media
Manager
(July 2022 -
Present)
Working for The Content Consultancy's
client: RightsZone. Managing the social
media platforms of LinkdIn and
Twitter. 
Planning, creating, and scheduling of
posts. 
Boosted social media presence and
maintained brand image. 
 
Business
owner
March 2021 -
Present 
Started business during COVID-19
period 
Named my business ‘Honey Mae'
which 
reflects the definition of goddess of 
springtime and warmth. 
Sourced, branded, packaged, marketed
and sold honey all myself. Received a
high demand of orders which resulted
in the success of all my stock being
sold out within the first 2 months. 
 
Northumbria
University
London
(Present) 
MSC Digital Marketing 
University of
Winchester 
(2019-2022)
BA (HONS) Business
Management achieving Upper
Second Class Honours: 2:1 
Peter
Symonds
College
(2017-2019)
A Levels: 
BTEC (Level 3) Subsidiary
Diploma (Distinction*), Law,
Psychology 
 
Toynbee
School
(2012-2017)
GCSEs:
9 A*-C/ 9-4
Hennah Hussain
DIGITAL MARKETING
Contact
Phone
Email
Address
07447224029
socialmediabyhennah@hotmail.com
30 Longster Road, Eastleigh,
Hampshire, S050 9RS
Experience
Ambitious digital marketing professional with experience in
social media, content creation and business start ups. Pertains a
Bachelor Of Arts With Honours in Business Management with
Upper Second Class Honours. Excellent communication skills,
determined, and a passionate business woman. 
Education
Honey Mae contact
Phone
Instagram
Facebook
 07861 282100
Honey Mae
honeyyy.maee
Instagram
socialmediabyhennah
LinkedIn
socialmediabyhennah
Tiktok
notyourbbygx 

DIVY KOTHARI
Graphics Designer & Video Editor
About Me
Professional Experience
Dedicated and detail-oriented Video
Editor and Graphics Designer with 2
years of experience. I'm passionate in
these fields and always looks forward
to improve my skills and explore new
things. Special interest in video editing. 
My Contact
divykothari95@gmail.com
+91 92654 74983
Software Skills
Adobe Premiere Pro
Da Vinci Resolve
Adobe After Effects
Adobe Illustrator
CapCut
Canva
CorelDraw
Adobe Premiere Pro
Da Vinci Resolve
Adobe After Effects
Adobe Illustrator
CapCut
Canva
CorelDraw
2 years of Experience in video
editing and graphics designing. 
It includes 3 freelance work and
3 internships.
Dedicated and detail-oriented Video
Editor and Graphics Designer with 2
years of experience. I'm passionate in
these fields and always looks forward
to improve my skills and explore new
things. Special interest in video editing. 
divykothari95@gmail.com
+91 92654 74983
Abilities
All Kinds Of Graphics Design
Editing & Making Instagram Reels
Social Media Content
Youtube Videos
Scripted Narrative
Familiar With Latest AI Tools
All Kinds Of Graphics Design
Editing & Making Instagram Reels
Social Media Content
Youtube Videos
Scripted Narrative
Familiar With Latest AI Tools
Other Interests
Personal Finance
Reading
Fitness
Music
No-code Website
Development
2 years of Experience in video
editing and graphics designing. 
It includes 3 freelance work and
3 internships.
Personal Finance
Reading
Fitness
Music
No-code Website
Development

D A I S Y  N Y A M A G I R A Z I  
S O C I A L  M E D I A  M A N A G E R   
 
 
 
07514 503244 ||   ndaisy94@gmail.com   ||   Wales, United Kingdom (willing to relocate) ||  Portfolio    ||   linkedin.com/in/ daisy-nyamangirazi/  
P R O F E S S I O N A L  S U M M A R Y  
hello! I am Daisy. I am a user generated content creator (UGC), micro content creator & 
A social media manager. I am passionate, committed & dedicated about social media 
and content creation manage social media platforms at surface Level & strategic Level.I 
also help micro-content creators & small businesses with content creation & social 
media management in such a way that time & money is saved while building your 
online presence. 
 
 
E D U C A T I O N  
 
MSc Human Resource Management (CIPD accredited) 
University of South Wales | 2022 - current 
  
Current Modules: Leading and Managing People; Managing Employee Relations; Performance 
Management; Human Resources Management Strategy in a Business Context; Training, Learning 
& Talent Development; Global Talent Management; Developing Skills for Business Leadership. 
  
Dissertation/ thesis: “Aesthetic Labour gives rise to Emotional labour in the UK labour market for 
millennials” 
 
Bachelor Of Arts in Industrial Economic Sociology & Organisational Psychology  
Rhodes University: South Africa | 2016 - 2018 
  
Double Major Pass with 2nd class division 2 (minors in Law, French & History) 
 
Cambridge A-Level 
Livingstone Kolobeng College: Botswana | 2014 - 2015 
  
Subjects in English, Business Studies & History. 
 
Cambridge International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE)  
Al Nur School: Botswana | 2014 - 2015 
  
Subjects in Art & Design, Biology, Business Studies, English, French, ICT, Mathematics, ICT. 
 
 
E X P E R I E N C E  
 
DIGITAL & SOCIAL MEDIA CO-ORDINATOR 
Perthyn, United Kingdom | September 2022 - March 2023 
  
Supporting the recruitment team to attract new talent via social media recruitment campaigns 
and initiatives. 
  
Facilitate and manage online conversations with external customers or staff members, respond to 
all queries and all comments, escalating where necessary. 
  
To undertake any training and development initiatives as identified by the Head of L&D and 
Recruitment. 
  
Ensure a professional, accurate, and customer focused service is provided in the delivery of digital 
and social media activities to support the business needs. 
D A I S Y  N Y A M A G I R A Z I  
S O C I A L  M E D I A  M A N A G E R   
 
 
 
07514 503244 ||   ndaisy94@gmail.com   ||   Wales, United Kingdom (willing to relocate) ||  Portfolio    ||   linkedin.com/in/ daisy-nyamangirazi/  
  
Provide end to end support for digital campaigns from inception to campaign sign off by the 
Executive Management Team (EMT). 
  
To build and maintain good working relationships with all employees to provide a professional, 
value-added service. 
  
Ensuring that confidentiality and security of sensitive information is maintained and complies with 
the requirements of the GDPR Act 2018. 
  
Scheduling and attending meetings and progressing actions if required. 
  
Manage and utilise the various social media platforms to promote organisational values and 
organisational vision. 
  
Developing and maintaining annual social media campaigns and scheduling digital campaigns in 
advance and co-ordinating campaign activities, creating engaging text, images, and video 
content. 
  
Tracking the performance of digital campaigns and keeping up to date with technologies used in 
social media. 
 
COMMUNICATIONS ASSISTANT 
Carers Wales (UK), United Kingdom | May 2022 - June 2022  
  
Create presentations, documents, reports, and external communications using digital graphics 
and desktop publishing software. 
  
Write and edit a range of communications content, including website news stories and content, 
social media posts, Q&As and other material as required. 
  
Supporting the organisation of events and activities. 
  
Identify promotional opportunities for the marketing of Carers Wales work and action relevant 
activities. 
  
Liaise with relevant external suppliers to ensure communications work is undertaken and 
delivered on time. 
  
Scheduling content for Twitter and Facebook. 
 
FREELANCE SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGER 
Self Employed (View Portfolio ) | 2019 - 2021  
  
social media planning, digital strategy and content creator for digital channels. 
  
Planned and designed video content strategy for all digital channels in order to help attract clients 
and establish an online presence while implementing current trends in the market. 
  
Creating Content & Strategies for small business & content creators. 
  
Boosting Engagement rates on Instagram & TikTok. 
  
Virtual assistance (helping set up cooperate work presentations & research) 
 
STUDENT NETWORKING AND SECRETARY REPRESENTATIVE 
Rhodes University, South Africa | 2016 - 2021 
  
Ensured resident students had access to the university systems such as printers, Wi-Fi 
connections & computers at the same time assisting with their personal laptops. 
  
Reported resident Wi-Fi & Printer errors to the ICT division, resident warden & resident hall 
administrator. 
  
Took minutes notes during house resident meetings and submitted them to the head of 
House & house committee representative members. 
  
Planned & organized house events & fundraising. 
D A I S Y  N Y A M A G I R A Z I  
S O C I A L  M E D I A  M A N A G E R   
 
 
 
07514 503244 ||   ndaisy94@gmail.com   ||   Wales, United Kingdom (willing to relocate) ||  Portfolio    ||   linkedin.com/in/ daisy-nyamangirazi/  
  
Created posters and certificates.  
 
V O L U N T A R Y  E X P E R I E N C E  
 
Tutor 
CarerLiNththo zoBomi: Converstions about Life, Meaning & Community | 2019 
  
This was a course I took in my final year and every Wednesday I had to go into less privileged 
communities in Grahamstown to teach 7th grade English & Mathematics. 
 
Fund Raising Team 
Give 5 Rhodes University Fund raising | 2016- 2018 
  
Worked with other members of my residence house committee in which we would collect 
donations and sell them at low cost in order to raise funds for students that could not afford basic 
needs and school stationary. 
 
A-level community service club 
Livingstone Kollobeng College | January 2014 - December 2015 
  
Donating food & clothes elderly people & children. 
  
Caring & taking care of children with disabilities in orphanages & children's disability homes. 
  
Volunteered to tutor English and Mathematics to 7th graders of Primary school living examinations 
at a government school in Botswana. 
 
A-level Art & Design club 
Livingstone Kollobeng College | January 2014 - December 2015 
  
Joined the Art & Design club and acted as a leader.  
  
won an award for voluntary work in the Art Club. 
 
Girls Club 
Christ The King Cathedral | January 2007 - December 2010 
  
Catholic association with girls, taught how to care for one another and awareness of how society 
operates.  
  
Caring for the elderly 
  
Donating food & clothes to less privileged 
 
 
C E R T I F I C A T E S  &  I N T E R E S T S  &  S K I L L S  
 
CERTIFICATES 
  
Google Fundamentals of Digital Marketing Certificate (Credential: ID ZFU UAW 9UX ) 
 
HOBBIES & INTERESTS 
  
content creation , learning how to edit videos, learning French and watching crime & prison 
documentaries. 
  
Also creating my own content on TikTok & Instagram 
D A I S Y  N Y A M A G I R A Z I  
S O C I A L  M E D I A  M A N A G E R   
 
 
 
07514 503244 ||   ndaisy94@gmail.com   ||   Wales, United Kingdom (willing to relocate) ||  Portfolio    ||   linkedin.com/in/ daisy-nyamangirazi/  
!
SKILLS 
  
Areas of expertise: Canva, video editing on iMovie, Final cut pro & Capcut, hashtag research, content 
planning & development, Instagram auditing and engagement.  
  
Interpersonal Skills: Teamwork, Innovation, Creativity, Communication & Listening skills, Self-
management skills, multi-tasking & time and stress management 
 
 
 
R E F E R E N C E S  &  C E R T I F I C A T E S  A V A I L A B L E  O N  R E Q U E S T  

Page%1%of%2%
 
 
         Malik M. Sundrani 
          maliksundrani@gmail.com 
         +9l7045568428 
 
 
A Video Editing professional with considerable IT Knowledge, and 15+ years of experience in Non-Linear editing, 
Hardworking and having an ability to work in a team and to manage team towards success. has cut Promos,  
Film Trailers, Serials, Television Commercials, Documentary films, Film & Music based shows, Fashion Shows &  
Corporate Events etc., Worked on Virtual reality 360° video using Premiere pro & I was also a part of Visual Effects  
Creative and Coordinator for a Show on National Geographic (Mega Icons) - 
IMDB Link: -  https://www.imdb.com/name/nm10366792/ 
 
 
Key Skills. 
 
  
Proven ability to manage projects from scratch to final. 
  
Ability to negotiate and develop understanding work and client's views. 
  
Ability to manage and motivate teams. 
  
Managing and working in Team & as an Individual. 
  
Ability to meet deadlines. 
  
Developing long term business Relations with Client 
  
Communicating directly and clearly, both written and verbal. 
 
 
Professional Chronological 
 
1. 
Digital Rhombus Studios  
 
 
 (Manager)  
 
 
[Mar 2018 - Jun 2019] 
 
2. 
Freelance Video Editor 
 
 
 
(Sr. Video Editor) 
 
[April 2015 - Mar 2018] 
 
3. 
Sony Six  
 
 
 
 
(Sr. Video Editor)  
 
[Sep 2014 - April 2015] 
 
4. 
UTV Stars - Bollywood News Channel 
 
(Sr. Video Editor)  
 
[Aug 2011 - May 2014] 
 
5. 
Zee Television (Khana Khazana}  
 
(Sr. Video Editor)  
 
[Jan 2010 - July 2011] 
 
6. 
Prime Focus  Limited  &  Technologies 
 
(Sr. Video Editor& Encoder)  
 [Jul 2008 - Sep 2009] 
 
7. 
The Machine Room (Division of Prime Focus)  
(Sr. Video Editor& Encoder)  
[May 2007 - Jun 2008] 
 
8. 
Channel S - London  
 
 
 
(Sr. Video Editor) 
 
 [July 2006 - Mar 2007] 
 
9. 
Prime Focus Limited Mumbai  
 
 
(Independent Video Editor)  
[Jan 2003 - Oct 2005] 
 
10. ETC  
 
 
 
 
 
(Video Editor)  
 
 
[Mar 2002 - NOV 2002] 
 
 
Personal Details 
 
Nationality:  
Indian 
Language:  
English, Hindi, Marathi 
Address:   
J-15, J&K Chs., Zohra Agadi Nagar, Yari Road, Andheri (w), Mumbai. 
Qualification:  
H.S.C 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page%2%of%2%
 
 
 
 
          Some Links of the works I have edited. 
 
 
 
1. 
Television Commercials Bank of Baroda 
a. 
https://youtu.be/B25ydHwZLv8 
(Bank of Baroda - K Shrikant   45 sec) 
b. 
https://youtu.be/AWUrT7K70dU 
(Bank of Baroda - PV Sindhu    45sec) 
 
 
2. 
Television Promo 
a. 
https://youtu.be/iNXxgq-OywY 
(Making of Big Boss Promo) 
 
 
3. 
Social Media Promo 
a. 
https://youtu.be/Sa-zSdVa2Fc 
(FEAST OF VARANASI | Official Book Launch) 
 
 
4. 
Social Medi Commercials 
a. 
https://youtu.be/Mn8eGp5ZYnc 
(Vu Televisions) 
b. 
https://youtu.be/mPkx3wm5D54 
(India U-17 FIFA World Cup Team Players Profiles) 
c. 
https://youtu.be/sos4HHxK5yE 
A glimpse of Pune Metro project (Av Specially Created for the Inauguration Ceremony  
c. 
https://youtu.be/PJaldWrPTWY 
MTDC Maharashtra Purushwadi (Maharashtra Tourism) 
d. 
https://youtu.be/q3kmu0eVyZ4 
MTDC Maharashtra Raighad (Maharashtra Tourism) 
 
 
5. 
Social Media (CSR) Projects 
a. 
https://youtu.be/fZNU4JdwZWU 
(Smiles at Vashi) 
b. 
https://youtu.be/iBDl1QtM3Tk 
(Britannia Good Day makes kids smile this cricket season!) 
 
 
6. 
Music Video  
a. 
https://youtu.be/WOURwIZlnD8 
(Ekla Chalo Re / Ustaad Amjad Ali Khan - Saarema Music App Launch) - Multi Cam 
b. 
https://youtu.be/QLulKMc-R2U 
(Saregama Music App Launch) 
 
 
7. 
Corporate Projects 
a. 
https://youtu.be/2avSsZZNrck 
(JCB Video) 
 
b. 
https://youtu.be/wD0bVCR0I0c 
There's more to what surgeons do for their patients (Max Hospital) 
c. 
https://youtu.be/PNDnHpzyayg 
There's more to what doctors do for their patients (Max Hospital) 
d. 
https://youtu.be/h96sR6DXCDw 
(DHFL Corporate AV) 
 
 
e. 
https://youtu.be/JkFAtQQJXz0 
(DHFL House Making Corporate AV) 
 
f. 
https://youtu.be/wD0bVCR0I0c 
There's more to what surgeons do for their patients (Max Hospital 
 
g. 
*Accenture (ILC) 360° VR Film 
*(Cannot Share the Link - Signed the Non-Discolour Contract with Last Employer) 
 
f. 
*Social VR. - Promo for Accenture *(Cannot Share the Link - Signed the Non-Discolour Contract with Last Employer) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
*(Cannot Share the Link - Signed the Non-Discolour Contract with Last Employer) -  
I Can avail File for the Preview during Personal Interviews. 
 
 
 
**Above mentioned all details are true & can be verified.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Malik M. Sundrani 

Hamid Ahmed  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Employment History 
July 2022 - July 2022 │ Creative Assembly 
Video Games Tester 
 
Games testing including livestream games testing. 
 
Identifying and reporting any defects to developer. 
 
Providing feedback and analysis to developer. 
June 2021 - July 2021 │ Makerversity 
Graphic Designer Internship 
 
Designing and developing logos and branding concepts using Scalable 
Vector Graphics (SVG). 
 
Created a professional brand logo for a business to use on their products. 
 
Presenting logos and branding concepts to clients. 
 
Producing marketing materials. 
November 2020 - January 2021 │ Loving Social Media 
Digital Marketing Assistant & SEO Junior 
 
Creating digital media contents using Canva for clients. 
 
Managing social media platforms (YouTube, Instagram, Facebook, and 
LinkedIn) for clients. 
 
Providing marketing consultations to clients, offering guidance on marketing 
strategies to help them achieve their goals. 
 
Demonstrated expertise in crafting subtitles for client's YouTube videos, to 
improvement engagement for viewers. 
 
Contributed to the successful design, development, and optimisation of a 
website for a client. 
February 2020 - February 2020 │ Research-i 
Video Games Tester 
 
Testing new computer games going to market. 
 
Providing direct feedback and analysis to developers. 
July 2019 - August 2019 │ Berkeley Group 
Front of Desk Receptionist - Concierge 
 
Welcoming residents and visitors. 
 
Managing bookings to facilities. 
 
Answering and dealing with requests. 
 
Managing posts ensuring delivery is sent out. 
 
Maintaining excellent housekeeping. 
Education & 
Training History 
Sep 2021 - Jul 2023 | New City 
College, Redbridge Campus 
BTEC Level 3 Extended Diploma in 
Creative Media Production 
 
Grade: Pending 
Sep 2020 - Oct 2020 | London 
Vesta College 
 
Digital Marketing Traineeship 
Sep 2014 - Jun 2019 | Sir John 
Cass Redcoat Secondary School 
 
5 GCSEs A*-C 
 
Technical Skills 
 
Proficient in using graphic design 
and photo editing software such 
as Photoshop and Canva. 
 
Proficient in using video editing 
software such as Premiere Pro. 
 
Skilled in creating user interfaces 
for websites and mobile apps, 
using software such as Adobe XD. 
 
Understanding of SEO, optimising 
video titles, tags to increase video 
visibility and reach. 
 
Effective in driving YouTube 
channel growth, achieving a 16-
subscriber increase and over 
1,000 views for a client's video. 
 
Skilled in driving engagement on 
TikTok, achieving 5,000 views 
and 140 likes for a client's page. 

  
 
       
 
   
 
           
 
Remote 
ABHIK 
MAITI 
Data Scientist, PRM Fincon 
Computer Vision | Machine Learning | Deep Learning 
+91-9679414070 
abhikatoldtrafford@gmail.com 
8 
years of experience 
Accomplishments 
 End-to-end page layout analysis module for 
table,column and cell extraction of  scanned 
and electronic PDF documents using YOLOv5 
(mAP 91) 
 
 In-house OCR module custom-trained model 
for accurate text recognition in scanned/noisy 
documents.  
 
 ResNet50 based module for object detection 
and classification of different rooms present in 
household. 
 
 EffecientNetV2 based model for classifying 
financial annual reports into different classes 
having extreme class-imbalance (1:50 - 
1:100). 
 
 Visual attention based CNN model for 
detection of eye diseases from fundus images 
 
Neural Network: CNN, LSTM, RNN 
Data Preprocessing, Visualization 
 
Statistical modelling 
Siamese network, Similarity learning 
 
Image Detection, Classification 
Models in development 
Specialization 
Highlights 
Career in Numbers 
M.Tech 
IIT Kharagpur 
 2013 - 2014 
B.Tech 
IIT Kharagpur  
2009 - 2013 
Senior Researcher 
IIT Kharagpur 
2014 - 2018 
Education 
Work Experience 
Technical Skills 
Deep Learning 
Machine learning 
Relevant Tools 
90% 
80% 
Python 
Advanced 
Matlab 
Comfortable 
Keras, Tensorflow 
Advanced 
7 
Publications 
5 
Models in production 
76 
Citations 
Patent filed 
Publications 
“Real time surface defect analysis and 
correction in friction stir welding process by 
image processing” - Patent Drive 2016 
“Reflectance 
spectroscopy 
based 
rapid 
determination of coal quality parameters- 
Fuel (2020)  
 
“Diffuse reflectance spectroscopy based 
rapid coal rank estimation: A machine 
learning 
enabled 
framework” 
- 
Spectrochimica Acta (2021) 
 
“A k-means clustering-based approach for 
3D mapping and characterization of rock 
faces using digital images.” - AJG (2021) 
 
“3D reconstruction-based numerical 
modeling of irregular-shaped geo-objects 
using digital images: a novel approach.” - 
BEGE (2021) 
Achievements 
IITJEE rank : 4143 
WBJEE rank : 49 
 
 GATE rank : 17 
 
 
7 international 
publications 
1 patent filed 
Generative Adversarial Networks 
 
Senior ML Engineer  v 
Infrrd AI gg 
2018 - 2019 h 
Models in production 
 Developing a Generative Adversarial 
Network based Cycle-GAN pipeline for 
denoising scanned documents. 
 
 Developing a image-less model training 
pipeline for end-to-end training of OCR 
model from wiki text dumps. 
 
 Developing multi-task learning network 
for joint classification + object detection 
task for medical images. 
 
 
Clustering, SVM, Regression 
 
Data Scientist  f      
PRM Fincon  
2019 - Present 

RAMESH SOMU
S Y S T E M S  E N G I N E E R
somu.sairamesh@gmail.com
AKIVIDU - 534235
+91 9963227497
ABOUT ME
EDUCATION
EXPERIENCE
Utilized Kornshell , we have developed a script to run this letter
generation process. We have used java for generating the
letters, By accessing the oracle DB. Also Have developed to read
to the data from input excel sheet and loading into database
using POI jar.
Engineered a Sentiment Analysis model using Python, trained
and refined it to achieve higher accuracy. Implemented the
Sentiment Analysis model and leveraged its insights to develop a
cutting-edge Recommendation system. Employed FastAPI for
seamless deployment, enabling realtime analysis and delivering
actionable insights to the endusers.
Experienced professional with a strong background in Python technologies and a proven track
record of providing excellent support operations. Possessing 2 years of experience, I am
highly skilled in troubleshooting and resolving complex issues, with a focus on delivering
effective solutions in a timely manner. Adept at working collaboratively with cross-functional
teams, I am committed to achieving the best possible outcomes for clients and stakeholders.
My expertise in Python technologies enables me to develop innovative solutions that optimize
system performance and enhance user experience , Hands on experience on DEVOPS
SYSTEMS ENGINEER
July  2021 - Present
EXPERTISE
CERTIFICATION
programming Languages : C ,
Python , Java
Databases : SQL , Oracle
Devops
Frontend 
: 
HTML 
,CSS
Kornshell scripting
Backend : Javascript .
Virtualization Tools : Excel
 
AZ-900
Microsoft Azure fundamentals
SRKR Engineering
college
ADITYA junior college
Bachelor of Technology - ECE
2017 - 2021
7.4 cgpa
MPC
2015- 2017
95%
ADITYA High school
SSC
2014- 2015
9.7 cgpa
TCS
RRD letters automation
AEH Core Transformation
Support  Operations
Apllication management for nearly 7 applications. Done
troubleshooting  for user issues. And server management. Batch
moniroting for the Applications
Venkata satya sai ramesh somu

Nitesh Soni
niteshmitrc@gmail.com | +91-8740-815-084 | linkedIn/codeNitesh | github/codeNitesh
WORK EXPERIENCE
HACKEREARTH | Full Stack Developer Intern
Bengaluru, India | Feb 2022 - July 2022
  Developed and tested around 20 Full-Stack projects in frameworks like REACT and ANGULAR and 30+ Data
Structure and Algorithm questions in JAVA for the community of 6.5 million developers and professionals.
  Evaluated problem statement solutions and the full stack project submitted as HACKATHON and prepared around
10 JAVA and PYTHON file upload question.
INSTASELL | Software Development Engineer Intern
Bengaluru, India | Dec 2021 - Feb 2022
  Built the core InstaSell app using REACT and backend technology DJANGO. The product helps more than 120k+
users to manage and grow their online businesses.
  Collaborated with senior engineers articulately to identify the best solutions for problems and increased website
and mobile app traffic by 25% and implementing features end to end with complete Product Ownership.
DEXTROPY | Java Full-Stack Engineer Intern
Remote, India | Feb 2021 - Nov 2021
  Helped to achieve a consistent look and visual theme across the website and building product from the scratch to
100% MVP.
  Remained knowledgeable in new standards, 3 innovative technologies, and trends in backend development,
specially in Angular, JAVA framework Dropwizard and MongoDB.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science & Engineering Alwar, India | Jun 2019 - May 2023 (Expected)
MODERN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY AND RESEARCH CENTRE
Coursework: Data Structures and Algorithms; Operating Systems;; Software Engineering; Computer Networking;
Database Management, Object Oriented Programming, Distributed Systems
GPA - 3.7/4 or (9.2/10)
Training: Pepcoding Data Structures and Algorithms with Web Development
PROJECTS
CODEBASKET™ 
React, Azure, SQL
Produced a web application that allows a user to input and collaborate code which is then executed in the browser. And
Implemented a feature to share a CodeBasket™ using a shareable link.
Allow a user to set 2 permissions (editable, view only) for a CodeBasket™ while sharing the link.
ACTIVE CONTAINERS APP 
FastAPI, Docker, PostgreSQL
Created a micro service that obtains information on more than 500 active containers traveling on the sea. Implemented
simple REST API to query the crawled information. For back-end, FastAPI is used as it made documentation part very
easy.
GITHUB PROFILE FINDER APP 
Angular, Firebase
Produced a GitHub Profile viewer app which uses the GitHub free API to fetch user data and repository details based on
search keyword. For authentication purpose, Firebase is storing data of user like email and encrypted password.
SKILLS
Languages: Java, JavaScript, C/C++, Python
Libraries/Frameworks: Angular, Django, React, Spring Boot, FastAPI
Tools / Platforms: Docker, GIT, Firebase, Docker, Azure
Databases: MongoDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL
Soft Skills: Problem Solving, MySQL, PostgreSQL


Satish Medapalli 
Hyderabad, Telangana, 500072 | satishmedapalli28@gmail.com 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/satish-medapalli-180697141 
 
Career Objective 
Looking forward to earning the position of Software Engineer at a leading organization to 
showcase my skills in programming to generate high-end solutions to general software issues 
along with drawing better user experience.  
 
Education 
Nxtwave Disruptive Technologies                                                                            Oct-Ongoing 
Full Stack Web Development. 
(CCBP Intensive is an industry Ready Certification Program focused on full-stack development 
that provides training through an immersive hands-on and reverse engineered curriculum) 
CMR Engineering College, Hyderabad                                                                                2020 
B. Tech (Mechanical) [6.84 CGPA] 
 
Sri Gayatri Junior College, Hyderabad                                                                                 2016 
Intermediate (MPC) [75%] 
 
ST. Alphonsa's High School, Hyderabad                                                                              2014 
Secondary School of Certificate (SSC) [8.7 CGPA] 
 
Skills 
Frontend   :  HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, React.js*  
Backend    :  Python, Express*, Node.js* 
Databases  :   SQLite*, MongoDB* 
 
*Courses yet to be completed 
Projects 
Food Menu Website(https://satishmedapallifoodmenu.ccbpn.tech/)                                                                        
This provides the list of variety food items along with the bio of that item (i.e., ingredients) and 
making video. 
Technologies Involved: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap 
 
E-cart Website(https://satishmedapalliE-cart.ccbpn.tech/)       
This provides the list of items along with cost price. In the presence of Bootstrap, it had made the 
website to be view in different screen sizes. 
Technologies Involved: Bootstrap, CSS, HTML 
 
Musify Website Login page (https:// musify.ccbpn.tech/) 
It shows the login page before getting into the app. 
Technologies Involved: HTML, CSS 
 
 
2 
 
 
Experience 
Wipro Limited                                                                                                Dec 2020 - Jan 2022 
I used to work as an Associate which was quite challenging role in order to monitor and rectify  
Customers data. 
 
Deccan Automotive Limited                                                                       Jan 2022 - Aug 2022 
I was responsible for a challenging role which was Design and Development of Bus Body 
Building. 
Certification 
Python Full Stack (on going Oct 2022 - present)                                                                      
Interpersonal Skills 
Diplomacy and collaboration 
Team player 
Multi-Tasking  
Decision-making                                                                             
                                                                  

M D  A S R A R  K A R I M  
P R O F I L E  S U M M A R Y
P R O F E S S I O N A L  S K I L L
JAVA
DATA STRUCTURE
HTML
CSS
BOOTSTRAP
JAVASCRIPT
JDBC
SQC
E D U C A T I O N
CLASS 12th
AMNA URDU HIGHER  SECONDRY SCHOOL,
BSEB BOARD, PASSING PERCENTAGE - 58.9%.
    2016 - 2018               
- 
BACHELOR OF TECHNOLOGY
GURU NANAK INSTITUE OF TECHNICAL CAMPUS
PASSING  CGPA - 6.07 
P R O J E C T S
HIGH STEP-UP NON ISOLATED PHOTO VOLATIC
THIN FILM MODULE
PLATFORM USE - MATLAB
5AUG,2020 - 2SEP 2020
ARDUINO 
POWERED 
SMART 
WEATHER
MONITORING SYSTEM
PLATFORM USE - ARDUINO
4APRIL 2022 - 6MAY 2022
9507354844,  mdasrarkarim444@gmail.com
    2018 - 2022               
- 
CONNECT 4  CONSOLE BASED GAME USING
JAVA LANGUAGE
I have completed my B. Tech in Electrical and Electronics Engineering. I am passionate about
 learning new technologies and programming languages like JAVA, JAVASCRIPT etc. I am fond of
coding and sports.

Izaias Moreira
Marketing Analyst
zasmoreira32@gmail.com
356 99980365 or +55 16991243889 (WhatsApp)
Triq San Pawl, SPB3417 San Pawl il-Bahar
I consent to the processing of my personal data for the purpose of recruitment for the
position to which I am applying.
Education
Post Graduate in Digital Marketing
Aug 2018 - Dec 2019
Centro Universitário SENAC, Ribeirão Preto
Digital Marketing course, focused on actions and strategies for online
campaigns, paid traffic, Media, Social Networks, actions for sale,
Branding, SEO, Content production...
Graduate in Graphic Design
Jul 2015 - Jun 2017
University Center Barão de Mauá, Ribeirão Preto
Course focused on creative development, art history concept,
graphic pieces for offline and online application.  Skill development
in image and video editing software… Brand Concept and Visual
Indenity Creation…
Employment
Marketing Manager
Jul 2021 - Nov 2022
TAP Construction company, Ribeirão Preto
Responsible for Strategic Marketing Management, I worked on
developing digital and offline strategies for the sale of real estate
developments.
I was responsible for launching actions, actions developed for the
commercial team, creations and execution of strategies with partner
Marketing agencies.  Always focused on results and sales, I worked
with several areas of the company to achieve results.
Marketing and Communication
Coordinator
Dec 2016 - Aug 2020
Commercial and Industrial Association, Ribeirão Preto
Expertise in conducting marketing processes, sales, and campaigns
definition of strategy, operational development;
 -Implementation of A/B tests in E-MKT, Facebook, Linkedin;
- Strategic planning with the management, implementation,
execution, monitoring and improvement of Linkedin Ads, Face/Insta
Ads, Google Ads and other digital and offline campaigns;
- Strategic development of the marketing department, automation,
tracking, visualization and data analysis of the entire inbound
marketing strategy;
- Responsible for activities, interpretation and analysis of data
related to the purchase journey, projects and processes focused on
digital sales;
- Project management and digital service strategies focused on
bringing and promoting the best and most innovative practices;
Personal details
Date of birth
February 22, 1987
Gender
Male
Nationality
Brazilian
Civil status
married
LinkedIn
linkedin.com/in/izaias-
moreira
Skills
Adobe Package
Corel Draw
Social Media
Facebook Ads
Google Ads
Premiere
Adobe XD
Office Package
WordPress
I consent to the processing of my personal data for the purpose of recruitment for the
position to which I am applying.
 - Process management and technological implementation.
Graphic Designer
Nov 2013 - Aug 2016
Graphoart Digital Print Shop, Ribeirão Preto
Responsible for the production control of the graphic, customer
service, budgets…
Creation of pieces for campaigns, offer newspapers, menus,
business cards, promotional leaflets, arts for social media, etc.
Graphic Designer
Mar 2009 - Mar 2013
M&C2 Print Shop, Batatais
Customer service, creation of leaflets, tabloids, promotional
newspapers for supermarkets, stores, dealerships, etc.
Profile
I am a cheerful, lively person, always willing to learn!  I am always
determined, proactive and practical.  I like to face new challenges
and get better results.
Courses
English Exchange
Present
We have just arrived in Malta, my wife and I to learn English better
and to continue developing our family projects and dreams.
Extracurricular activities
Languages
Portuguese
English
Hobbies
Play Piano and Guitar
Trips
Watch Movies and Series

Data Studio
BigQuery
Postgresql
OTHER SKILLS AND EXPERTISE
Python
Google Cloud Platform
Looker
JR. DATA ANALYST
RESHMA.K
Email
LinkedIn
Phone
953-984-2005
reshmaramachandran.273@gmail.com
linkedin.com/in/reshma-k-773304225
CONTACT
EDUCATION
LANGUAGE
Calicut University  
2018 - 2021
Bachelor Of Computer Science
English
Malayalam
PROFILE INFO
An experienced Jr. Data Analyst with 1.6 years of
experience in collecting, analyzing,transforming and
interpreting complex Data. Proficient in vizualization
tools like Looker, Data Studio and Programming
languages like Python.
MY SKILLS & EXPERTISE
WORK EXPERIENCE
As a Data Analyst in the Stormx Project, I have worked
with a variety of data sources, including Amplitude,
Braze, Branch, Google Play Store, MongoDB, Postgres,
and MySQL, and migrated data into BigQuery.  Also
executed queries in BigQuery and visualized the results
using Looker and Data Studio.
As a Data Analyst for 8 months in the Bespin Project,
worked with data from various sources and migrated 
it to BigQuery using Fivetran.By processing complex
BigQuery data , created interactive dashboards in
Looker.
STORMX - APTON WORKS
2022 SEP - Present
2022     FEB  - SEP    
DBMS                                                    : Mysql ,Mongodb
2021
Python Fullstack
Development
Quest Innovative
Solution Pvt.Ltd,Calicut
Operating  Systems                     : Windows ,Linux,macOS 
Version Control System            : Git 
ETL                                                        : Fivetran 
BESPIN - APTON WORKS
INTERNSHIP

BODAKUNTLA CHANDANA PRIYA
Chandanapriya2403@gmail.com
+91-9347245852
CAREER VISION :
Motivated, hardworking and responsible individual positioned to contribute cloud
focused support and operations
TRAINING & CERTIFICATION:
 
CLOUD APPLICATION DEVELOPER AND GENERATION INDIA:
Undergoing 12-week,full-time,classroom-based skills development and training
program on IT fundamentals,AWS cloud and professional skills.
 
PYTHON PROGRAMMING:
Attended a 4-months intensive training on PYTHON PROGRAMMING including
python collections, Numpy & Pandas.
ACHIEVEMENTS:
 
Certiﬁcate For NASSCOM in python programming
 
Certiﬁcate for CLA: Programming Essentials in C
 
Certiﬁcate for IOT workshop with Aurdino
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:
 
GRADUATION(B.TECH)
VAAGDEVI ENGINEERING COLLEGE,Warangal
Electrical and Electronics Engineering
2018-2022 , Percentage:6.78 CGPA
 
INTERMEDIATE
RD JUNIOR COLLEGE,Hanamkonda
M.P.C 2016-2018 , Percentage:90%
 
HIGH SCHOOL
INFANT JESUS CONVENT HIGH SCHOOL,Warangal.
2016 , Percentage:9.0 CGPA.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
  Working Knowledge of Linux OS.
  Writing script in python and shell.
  Programming in C , Python.
  AWS services in compute, storage,and networking, includes amazon S3,amazon EC2,
amazon VPC,AWSlambda, IAM ,amazon RDS.
PROJECT DETAILS :
 
MAJOR PROJECT: “AN ISOLATED SOLAR POWER GENERATION USING BOOST
CONVERTER AND BOOST INVERTER”.
 
MINI PROJECT: “AUTOMATIC ENGINE LOCKING SYSTEM THROUGH ALCOHOL
DETECTION
PERSONAL STRENGTHS:
  Strong verbal and written communication skills.
  Time management.
  Self motivated.
  Team player.
  Quick decision making.
  Problem solving ability
LANGUAGES KNOWN:
Telugu
Hindi
English
Place : Warangal
Signature:
( Bodakuntla Chandana Priya)

Chinenye Ruth Egbo
User Experience Designer, Human Relation & Administrative Personnel
Dedicated and exceptionally skilled User Experience Designer with experience in Visual Design, Human-Centered
Design, User Experience Design, Web and Mobile Design and Designing for accessibility. Human relations
personnel, with effective preoblem resolving skills, and also an Administrative personnel, Excellent
Communicator and ready to help team achieve company goals.
Contact
Address
Abuja, Nigeria, 900101
Phone
+234 913-768-8601
E-mail
egboruth07@gmail.com
LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com
/in/ruth-egbo-
Skills
Team Work
Communication
User
Experience
Design
Visual design
User Centered
Design
Excellent
Excellent
Wireframing
Excellent
Adaptability
Excellent
Research
Excellent
Work History
2022- 05 -
Current
Ux/Ui Design Intern
Zuri, Nigeria
· Worked cross functionally to design Products and
Pricing page tool, incorporating research and coding
fully functional prototypes for testing.
·
Fully functional responsive mobile and desktop
website.
UX/UI Designer
Zuri, Nigeria
· Creates full custom designs using design system
which helps to manage design at scale
·
Leads high performing team to build advertisement
campaigns and design styles for product launches,
features updates, and advertisement campaigns
· Collaborate with UX Researchers, Product Managers,
Engineers and various business stakeholders to fulfill
overall product vision.
·
Develop over 200 designs and also iterates on
existing designs for mobile and desktop designs
·
Create user flows, information architecture, sketches,
wireframes, prototypes and mockups for mobile and
website designs
· Conduct internal presentation of designs and attends
internal design critique sessions which feedbacks are
used to improve designs
·
Design User interface and User Experience in
collaboration with engineering and design teams, and
manages implementation of features
·
Design Apple Icons in accordance with company
visual guidelines
2022-05 -
2022-08
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Figma
Excellent
Prototyping
Very Good
User Testing
Excellent
Sketch
Excellent
User-flow
Excellent
Collaboration
Communication
Excellent
Excellent
Design System
Very Good
Created interactive prototypes and conducted user
testing.
Designed full Ui including user research, user journey
mapping, user-flow, information architecture and
usability testing for E-Mechanic, online mechanic
booking platform.
Designed in-app graphics, promotional brand assets,
and daily core contents.
Self-initiated coding of prototypes for user testing to
aid in other designers' projects.
2019-2020 -
Review Personnel (Corps Member)
Leadership Newspaper, Asokoro
* Making editorial decisions with reasonable speed and
communicating them in a clear and constructive manner.
* Ensuring the manuscript meets the organizational
standards and operating policies.
* Collection of manuscript
2012-2014 -
Secretary/Personal Assistant
Paul Osarenkhoe Chambers, Edo State
* Managing diaries, organising meetings and
appointments.
* Controlling accessing to manager/executive.
* Dealing with correspondence and phone calls.
Education
2015-02-
2019-09
Adult Non-Formal Education:
Human Resource
University of Benin - Nigeria
Certifications
2021-12
Google UX Design Professional Certificate, Google
2022-05
Introduction to User Experience Design, Georgia Institute
of Technology

Enise Ürek 
Date of birth: 21/08/1999
 Nationality: Turkish
 Gender: Female
 
(+90) 5342810699
 eniseurek@gmail.com 
 
https://www.instagram.com/petitﬂaneurr/?hl=tr 
 
Whatsapp Messenger: +905342810699
 
Kalabah Mah. 3042 Sok. No:16, 35430, Izmir, Turkey 
 
About me: 
I am a graduate English Language and Literature student who is interested in
languages, literature, diﬀerent cultures, and music. I have a passion for
photography, ﬁlms, writing, and artistic projects. I am looking for new and
exciting opportunities to gain experience and discover my abilities.
01/04/2019 - 01/05/2022 - Canakkale, Turkey 
GUIDE INTERPRETER - AUSTRALIAN CONSULATE CANAKKALE 
During the Anzac Day period in April 2019 and 2022, I worked as a Visitor Services Team interpreter for
Department of Veteran's Aﬀairs to assist with Anzac Day Commemorations.
01/09/2019 - 01/10/2019 - Canakkale, Turkey 
LIBRARY SERVICES ASSISTANT - CANAKKALE 18 MART UNIVERSITY 
I was working at the library of my university for a month. I was helping with the organization of the books
and coding them. Assisting the students or teachers who used to look for a speciﬁc book or an article, was
another responsibility of mine.
21/07/2019 - 28/07/2019 - Altayçeşme, DAP Royal Center, Çamlı Sk 16/18 D: Blok, Istanbul, Turkey 
GERMAN LANGUAGE (A1-A2) - Istanbul Management Institute 
In high school, I have studied basic German language classes which helped me to prove my skills and gain
this certiﬁcate.
Field(s) of study 
Arts and humanities : Language acquisition 
100
 EQF level 1
 28/07/2026
 
https://www.iienstitu.com/sertiﬁka-sorgulama/sertiﬁka/280790560014 
 
https://www.iienstitu.com/sertiﬁka-sorgulama/sertiﬁka/280790560014 
 
24/01/2021 - 30/01/2021 - Altayçeşme, DAP Royal Center, Çamlı Sk 16/18 D: Blok, Istanbul, Turkey 
BLOGGING - Istanbul Management Institute 
https://www.iienstitu.com/sertiﬁka-sorgulama/sertiﬁka/300110380101 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
◦ 
14/12/2020 - 20/12/2020 - Altayçeşme, DAP Royal Center, Çamlı Sk 16/18 D: Blok, Istanbul, Turkey 
BASIC PHOTOGRAPHY - Istanbul Management Institute 
https://www.iienstitu.com/sertiﬁka-sorgulama/sertiﬁka/201202640091 
 
01/02/2021 - 07/02/2021 - Altayçeşme, DAP Royal Center, Çamlı Sk 16/18 D: Blok, Istanbul, Turkey 
SCRIPT WRITING - Istanbul Management Institute 
https://www.iienstitu.com/sertiﬁka-sorgulama/sertiﬁka/0702113590063 
 
09/2017 - CURRENT - Çanakkale, Turkey 
BACHELOR DEGREE IN PHILOLOGY - Çanakkale Onsekiz Mart University 
01/07/2021 - 15/07/2021 - Altayçeşme, DAP Royal Center, Çamlı Sk 16/18 D: Blok, Istanbul, Turkey 
ADVANCED PHOTOGRAPHY COURSE ONLINE - Istanbul Management Institute 
https://www.iienstitu.com/sertiﬁka-sorgulama/sertiﬁka/415825103320 
 
30/03/2022 
COPYWRITER - Udemy 
https://www.udemy.com/certiﬁcate/UC-6baaad7c-5130-4dde-8c32-663464715889/ 
 
03/07/2022 - CURRENT 
FUNDAMENTALS OF DIGITAL MARKETING - Google Digital Garage 
https://learndigital.withgoogle.com/dijitalatolye/ 
 
18/07/2022 - CURRENT 
SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING MASTERY - Udemy 
https://www.udemy.com/certiﬁcate/UC-14d36f34-7688-46a2-b8c3-031920d8e8bf/ 
 
28/07/2022 - CURRENT 
INSTAGRAM MARKETING 2022: COMPLETE GUIDE TO INSTAGRAM GROWTH - Udemy 
Mother tongue(s):  TURKISH 
Other language(s):  
UNDERSTANDING
SPEAKING
WRITING
Listening
Reading
Spoken
production
Spoken
interaction
ENGLISH 
C2
C2
C2
C2
C1
ITALIAN 
A2
A2
A1
A1
A1
GERMAN 
A1
A1
A1
A1
A1
Levels: A1 and A2: Basic user; B1 and B2: Independent user; C1 and C2: Proﬁcient user
My Digital Skills 
Microsoft Word
 Power Point
 Instagram
 Social Media 
LANGUAGE SKILLS 
DIGITAL SKILLS 

MANOJ KUMAR S
W E B  D E V E L O P E R
Chennai, India
mk3638432@gmail.com
+91- 8668382744
PROJECTS
EXPERIENCE
Burger(site):
Burger Landingy Pages From Scratch used  pure
Tailwind Css Created API and and get data from
that APP. And Some Sorting Function like Pricing  
દ And  Catagory so user can quickly pick their
Choise 
Data Analytics:
Next-js Tailwind-css project And  using react-
typed Package to look attractive 
Photography:
Next-js Project with Tailwind-css Created
awesome User Interface to attractive.And
ensure that app was fast and user friendly 
Week Away:
Build a website from scratch using Next-js
Tailwind-css And react-icons  
Protfolio:
Create portfolio using Next-js, Tailwind-css,
React-icons And add all of my real time project
look so attractive and Fast 
web developer
web developer
Portfolio link : https://portfolio-
1-rho-fawn.vercel.app/
July 2022 - Present
Dec 2021 - July 2022
Here are some projects on which I have worked 
Here are some Project which I have worked 
React Js
Next Js
JavaScript
Week away 
Portfolio 
Burger(site)
Data Analytics 
Photography 
HTML
CSS
Redux
TypeScript
Material UI , AntD
Tailwind CSS
Git, GitHub
Web pack , vite 
REST API
S K I L L S
ABOUT ME
EDUCATION
Being Crazy about programming, looking for a
suitable career to utilize my skills and abilities
to provide an effective contribution to serve
the organization and also to establish a robust
professional career for myself and to obtain a
challenging position that enables me to
become a recognized person
loyola institute of
technology
oxford matriculation
higher secondary school
B.E computer science
HSC
2018 - 2022
2016 - 2018

 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/vijairangan
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
SQL
C++
C
Languages
English (Full Professional)
Tamil (Native or Bilingual)
Hindi (Limited Working)
Certifications
Introduction to Data Science
Data Analysis and Statistical
Inference
Leveraging Unstructured Data with
Cloud Dataproc on Google Cloud
Platform
Google Cloud Platform Big Data and
Machine Learning Fundamentals
70-461 - Querying SQL Server 2012
database
Honors-Awards
Smt. G. S. Rajalakshmi Memorial
Award
Publications
Nanocomposite Silica Surfactant
Microcapsules by Evaporation
Induced Self Assembly: Tuning the
morphological buckling by modifying
viscosity and surface charge
Vijai Kasthuri Rangan
Data Scientist at Google
Mountain View, California, United States
Summary
Data Scientist with the Google Patents team solving problems
related to patent strategy.
Previously, a Senior Data Science Specialist with Deloitte focused
on applying statistical analysis and machine learning to business
problems across industries. 
Most driven about ideating, leading and applying data science
and analytics solutions on problems targeted towards Customer
Segmentation, Marketing, Product Growth, Sentiment, Customer
Retention and Acquisition. 
More than 7 years of combined academic and professional
experience in data science and analytics.
Technical Skills -
Languages: Python, R, SQL, T-SQL, BigQuery
Frameworks and Libraries: Tensorflow [for deep learning], Scikit-
learn, Pandas, NLTK [Natural Language Processing Library], Spacy,
Gensim, Seaborn, Plotly
ML/Big Data:  Google Cloud Platform [Cloud ML Engine, Dataflow,
BigQuery], HIVE, Hadoop
Visualization Softwares: ipython, Tableau, Google Cloud DataStudio
Master of Science in Business Analytics graduate from the Red
McCombs School of Business - The University of Texas at Austin.
Experience
Google
Data Scientist
April 2020 - Present (3 years 4 months)
San Francisco, California, United States
Applied Data and Machine Learning for Google Patents
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Deloitte
3 years 9 months
Senior Data Science Specialist
July 2018 - April 2020 (1 year 10 months)
Arlington, VA
Data Science Specialist
August 2016 - July 2018 (2 years)
Arlington, VA
Some project highlights as Data Science Specialist at Deloitte
Determine Up-sell Probability for Existing Customers (Tensorflow PoC)
Developed a custom Tensorflow Estimator (python) deployed on Google Cloud
ML Engine to predict up-sell opportunity for a bank. The effectiveness of using
a custom Tensorflow Estimator API was assessed against a traditional logistic
regression model. (Google Cloud ML Engine, Tensorflow)
Attribution Modeling for Call Center Metrics
Established key relationships between customer experience metrics and
bottom line of a telecom major by using multivariate linear and non linear
regression models that providing better control on metrics for key business
stakeholders; Python - sklearn, pandas, statsmodels
Customer Segmentation and Profile Generation
Created an unsupervised patient segmentation model using a modified k
means algorithm that would classify patients into buckets based on their
behavior characteristics to segment customers for pharma major; HIVE,
Pyspark, Python - sklearn, pandas, seaborn
Social Media Analytics (Text Classification)
Built a classification algorithm to gauge public sentiment and created a
customized dashboard to analyse key themes trending about traveller
programs and its products; Python - pandas, sklearn, 
NLTK, spacy, gensim
Text Analytics on Customer Conversations
Built a text classification model that learns from the language usage and the
contexts can be used to tag the conversations with predefined topics was
built on transcribed conversation notes. An unsupervised technique that
creates word vectors (word embedding) was used to determine correlated
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
keywords from conversations. These keywords were used to generate labels
for predefined topics. An array of supervised classification models were built
to learn from this label dataset and use an ensemble approach to accurately
classify any new conversations into the topic buckets. Python - pandas,
sklearn, NLTK, spacy, gensim
Walmart
Marketing Analytics Capstone Project Intern
January 2016 - May 2016 (5 months)
Austin, Texas Area
Evaluated incremental revenue gained from customer initiated discounting
options for Walmart
Identified potential markets for better promotional activities and provided
recommendations for the Walmart Global Customer Insights Analytics Team
(WGCIA) with strategies that could improve RoI  on promotional spend.
Recommended promotional strategies and identified target cohorts based
on statistical analysis of significance and sensitivity of customers who use
discounting options
Used log regression with interactions to identify the importance of
demographics and discounting options; Used T-tests to test for significance of
the incremental revenues obtained
Thorogood Associates
Business Intelligence and Analytics Consultant
July 2012 - May 2015 (2 years 11 months)
Bangalore
Project managed a team of three consultants from India and contributed to
resource planning and allocation for optimum resource utilization
Designed data models using star schema in QlikView; drafted visualizations to
help business improve key calls and sales metrics and significantly enhanced
performance of KPI reports in QlikView leading to migration of several
dashboards to QlikView for the largest healthcare company
 
Expertise in full project life cycle management from development to
implementation across all environments (Dev / UAT / Production). 
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
Built BI and Analytics system for Fortune 100 US mutual insurance company
using Microsoft's BI suite; enabled senior business users to track loss incurred
over different periods;
Designed custom coded UI using C#/CSS/JavaScript/SharePoint for fortune
100 CPG Company's operations team schedule and track cost centre data
loads faster and efficiently; helped team save up to 70% of the costs involved
in financing a support team per year to keep track of the data loads
Developed SSRS reports to analyze the effectiveness of forecast made during
the demand planning week and attribute losses to a loss tree
Successfully supported and troubleshot issues across Microsoft Business
Intelligence Stack - SQL, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS and SharePoint for the Sales
and Operations (S&OP) team at Fortune 100 CPG company; successful
completion of four major change requests during year of support
National Chemical Laboratory
Summer Research Intern
May 2011 - June 2011 (2 months)
Pune
Simulated using the software "Surface Evolver" a model that uses gradient
descent algorithm to resolve a simplical complex to a low energy model. The
optimization problem was solved within specified energy constraints.
Indian Institute of Technology, Madras
Summer Research Intern
May 2010 - June 2010 (2 months)
Chennai
Research and development of a prototype for the utilization of polymer
- Polyaniline in Chemical Sensors to detect nitro molecules at low
concentrations (<100 PPM levels).
Education
The University of Texas at Austin - Red McCombs School of
Business
Master's Degree, Business Analytics · (2015 - 2016)
National Institute of Technology Tiruchirappalli
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
Bachelor's Degree, Chemical Engineering · (2008 - 2012)
 
Page 5 of 5

Tapas Kashyap
Interdisciplinary Designer
Email
tapaskashyap777@gmail.com
Phone
+91 8920673594 
Location
New Delhi, India
Behance 
tapaskashyap
Linkedin
tapaskashyap
DESIGN SKILLS
 User Interface Desigz
 Interaction Desigz
 User Experience Desigz
 Prototypinj
 Usability Researcd
 Empathy map~
 Affinity diagram~
 Wire-framinj
 Mobile Desigz
 Web Design
Toolki
 Figm
 Sketcd
 Adobe creative suit
 Miro
Soft Skill
 Client Interviewinj
 Requirements Gatherinj
 Agil
 Project Managemen
 Resource managemen
 Business Planninj
 Marketing Research
Summary
Product designer holding more than 3 years of experience 
with a particular interest in user interface design and user 
experience research. Well versed with mobile and web 
interfaces.
Work Experience
Product Designer
June 2022 - Present
Yuktidea Technologies
8 Creating interaction strategies that helped, developing navigation 
and flow, designing wireframes and interactive prototypes, 
organising content, and advocating for the needs and goals of real 
users.
Sr. Graphic designer
Oct 2021 - June 2022
Wikqik
8 Creating print magazine layouts and brand identity assets, as well 
as spearheading website experience improvements. Projects 
include course visualisation, event branding, and advertising 
design.
Graphic Designer consultant
Apr 2021 - Sep 2021
Tata 1mg
8 Crafting digital and print materials for a variety of social impact 
campaigns, such as ad banners, brochures, and standees & 
pamphlets for event assets.
Graphic Designer
Nov 2020 - Apr 2021
Collegedunia
8 Designing digital assets such as images, GIFs and Ads for Zouton 
website for multiple brands.
Education
Undergraduate - B.tech (IT + MI)
2015 - 2019
CIC, University of Delhi
Intermediate - PCM with computers
2013 - 2015
St.Xavier's Sen. Sec. School, Delhi

MUHAMMAD ABDUR
REHMAN
CONTACT
Islamabad, Pakistan 44000
Mobile: +92 3171141678
mabdurrehman185@gmail.com
WEBSITES,
PORTFOLIOS,
PROFILES
https://drive.google.com/drive
/u/4/folders
/1W9u3DRpXcmLklTAKZFdu0mU
EDUCATION
Expected in September 2025
Bachelor of Science: Electrical
Engineering (Power)
Air University, Islamabad
September 2021
A Levels
Super Nova College, Islamabad
A Levels Physics, Math, Chemistry,
Economics
September 2019
O Levels
Super Nova School, Islamabad
9 GCSE's
CERTIFICATIONS
Duolingo English (140 score)
AutoCAD
Digital Marketing
Graphic Designer by Great
Learning
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Creative Graphic Designer with talent for developing unique custom
artwork. Innovative approach to ideas and concept development.
Offering 4 years of expertise overseeing individual projects and brand
development.
WORK HISTORY
February 2023 - Current
Graphic & UI Designer, Tommy Sugo Perth Australia
January 2023 - Current
Graphic Designer, Ivy League Mentoring
January 2020 - Current
Graphic designer, The Capital High Academy
Designed engaging and Interactive newsletters further enhancing the
overall User Interface
Edited and enhanced existing artwork and graphics.
Developed innovative designs for variety of clients in graphic design
industry.
Developed graphics and visual content for social media campaigns.
Collaborated with other designers to create visually appealing
graphics for range of print and digital media.
Met with customers to present mockups and collect information for
adjustments.
Researched trends and projected industry changes to capitalize on
emerging opportunities.
Developed innovative designs for variety of clients in graphic design
industry.
Developed graphics and visual content for social media campaigns.
Designed creative digital displays used in on-line advertising for local
businesses
Put together videos for social media, advertising, and informational
purposes
Built corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between elements
such as logos and letterheads, d
Met with customers to present mockups and collect information for
adjustments.
Completed in-depth product design tests using updated software
tools.
Graphic Designer by Coursera
Graphic Designer by Udemy
Canva Designing
Fundamentals of Photoshop
SKILLS
Image Manipulation
Digital Graphics
Project Management Abilities
Production Layouts
Illustration
Visual design
Logo design
VOLUNTEER WORK
Graphic Designer Responsible for
making Advertisements and
Banners for awareness campaigns.
Counsellor for US, UK, and
Canadian college applications 
Delegate at Cornell University USA  
Delegate at MUN impact online USA 
Fundraiser 2021 
Director, donation head and
awareness campaign head against
domestic abuse in Pakistan  
Volunteer and event management
head  
Campus ambassador 
Main duties were finding students
willing to donate blood  
Volunteer teacher for their kid's
summer program.  
Made and put-up flyers, posters,
reports to spread awareness
regarding the challenges in the
Ecosystem and conducted in school
campaigns  
Save Green Organization |
2022-present
Freelance | 2020-present
Cornell's Modern United Nation |
USA, 2020
MUN impact 2020
Pakistan Red Crescent
Zulm Mitao | 2020
Sunbeams | 2020
Blood donation| 2020
LearnObots| 2017
WWF Eco Internship| 2019
January 2019 - Current
Marketing and Social Media Manager, MAAS Builders
October 2021 - January 2022
Graphic designer, Paramount Students Internship
Monitored online presence of company's brand to engage with users
and strengthen customer relationships
Improved page content, keyword relevancy, and branding to achieve
search engine optimization goals
Developed marketing content such as blogs, promotional materials,
vlogs, social media pages and advertisements for social media.
Designed and implemented social media strategies to align with
business goals.
Developed relationships with influencers to grow reach of company
and create wider visibility.
Created and implemented impactful strategies to increase company
brand awareness and engagement.
Met with customers to present mockups and collect information for
adjustments.
Completed in-depth product design tests using updated software
tools.
Collaborated with content and marketing teams to confirm design
compliance with brand guidelines.
Worked with clients to gather and define requirements, establish
scopes, and manage project milestones.
Created logos, illustrations and typography for various organizations.
Accepted into over 20 top US, Canadian and UK universities in
Electrical engineering
Given exceptional scholarship packages from universities across the
globe for exceptional speaking skills
Got into the very prestigious Cornell Modern United Nations in 2020
Got 140 on my Duolingo English Proficiency Exam
Been given several certificates for holding and participating in
successful British counsel university Webinars.
WWF Pakistan Certificate for exceptional work
Awarded best leader in Zulm Mitao for my exceptional work
Fluent in reading and writing English and possess very strong English-
speaking skills
Member of Air University Startup Club
Table tennis champion of my school
ACCOMPLISHMENTS

 
 
Shiv Raj Singh 
 
 
 
Github: github.com/shivraj2507 
 
Linkedin: linkedin.com/in/shivraj-singh-0b4103263 
74,Block-B, Azad Vihar, Khora 
Colony, Uttar Pradesh-201309 
Mobile no. 9773620571 
shivraj.singh8527@gmail.com  
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 Frontend Developer 
 P2P Softwares Pvt. Ltd 
30 November 2022 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Built a fully responsive multi page website using Next js & Tailwind CSS                              
as the landing Website. 
Built resuable and SEO friendly frontent components using React.js which 
improved the website efficiency by 87%. 
 
PROJECTS 
 Implemented CRUD functionalites using mongodb 
 Develop a user login system. 
 Login Authentication. 
 Netflix Clone 
TRAINING 
MICROSOFT (DigiSaksham) 
 18 July  2022 - 26 July 2022 
  Essentials of JAVA Post Assessment coursework by MICROSOFT 
TCS NQT EXAM (Tata Consultancy Services) 
 Issued Dec 2020 
 I have scored 1326 out of 1800 in TCS NQT. 
 
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
 1) One year's experience of teaching in school up to 10th level. 
 2) Taken Part in various curricular activities in school and college (2nd position                
in poster making in college fest). 
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Languages: Java, JS 
(HTML,CSS),Nodejs 
Framework: Reactjs, Nextjs, 
Tailwind CSS, Express 
ACHIEVEMENT 
GATE CE(2022)-QUALIFIED 
(SCORE-435) 
Essentials of EXCEL Post 
Assessment coursework by 
MICROSOFT  
Elite Certificate  by NPTEL in 
2019 
EDUCATION 
 
Chaudhary Brahm Prakash 
Government Engineering College, 
Delhi-110073 
2017-2021 
BTech-7.88 CGPA 
 
Govt. Boys Sr. Sec School, 
Vasundhara Enclave, Delhi-110096 
2014-2016 
12th-68% 
 
Govt. Boys Sec. School, 
Kondli Gharoli , Delhi-110096 
2012-2014 
10th-8.8 CGPA 
 
 
                                                   
 
SHIV RAJ SINGH 
 

Sumit Kumar                                                                                               Contact: 9779339872                                                                            
computerscience.er@gmail.com 
       
Professional Summary 
  
2.6 Years of experience as Business Analyst with hands-on knowledge of developing Python 
Modules,Machine Learning models.Have the ability to understand the business, solve problems and 
describe solutions by storytelling. 
  
Skilled in Python, Machine Learning, Business Analyst and SQL. 
  
1.6 Year of experience in Business Analyst. 
  
Python Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Django Jupyter Notebook with 6 months of Training 
experience. 
  
Experienced in JavaScript, core Java. 
  
Python Machine Learning API with Data Analysis 4 months of experience. 
  
Good Experience in Debugging and code review to check for program optimization, 
correctness & performance. 
  
Using Performance Tools to improve the performance of Applications using Runtime Data 
Analysis, SQL, Python, Machine Learning Jupyter Notebook, Django and modules. 
  
Good communication, interpersonal skills, team player with positive attitude and self 
motivated to work independently and in team as well. 
 
 Technical Skills 
  
Python, Machine Learning, Data Analysis with Jupyter Notebook and Django 
  
Business Analyst, Srs, Brd, Solution Elavation, Strategy Analysis, Database and Networks Analytical 
Problem, Sql, Citrix Support engineer , Html, JavaScript,Core Java. 
 
  Professional Experience 
 
  
Working as Business Analyst in NoBroker Technology Solution Pvt Ltd since April 2022. 
  
Worked as Python Machine Learning in ITax Easy Pvt Ltd in January 2022 to April 2022. 
  
Worked as Python, Machine Learning,Data Analysis, Jupyter Notebook and Django Interns in ITSpark 
Technology 
during June 2019 to December 2019. 
  
Worked as Summer Training from Ellen Infotech Jalandhar 
 
Project 04 
Company 
: NoBroker Technology Solution Pvt Ltd, Gurgaon 
Client 
: India 
Duration 
: April 2022 - Till Now 
Role 
: Business Analyst 
Skills & Keywords 
: Maintaining Confidentiality,Sql,excel,Relationship Building,Problem solving.  
 
Important Objects Developed / Customized: 
  
Identified problem and solved it. 
  
Come up with a new idea that improved things. 
  
Re-organized something to make it work better. 
  
Understanding of Data basebase and Network. 
 
Project 3 
Company 
: ITax Easy Pvt Ltd, Noida 
Client 
: India 
Duration 
: Jan 2022 to April 2022 
Role 
: Python Web Developer 
Modules 
: Data, Evaluation, Conclusion, Models 
 
Important Objects Developed / Customized: 
  
Developed Interfaces 
  
Build web applications 
  
Worked on reports, Enhancement & Smart forms. 
 
Project 2 
Company 
: ITspark Technology, Noida 
Client 
: India 
Duration 
: Jan 2019 - Dec 2019 
Role 
: Interns 
Modules 
: Numpy, Pandas, Skikite learn, SciPY 
 
Important Objects Developed / Customized: 
  
Using Python Library,and Machine learning models soup for web Scraping to extract data for building 
graphs. 
  
Test compatibility and functionality of web applications using selenium in python. 
 
 
Project 1 
Company 
: Ellen Infotech Jalandhar 
Client 
: Trainer 
Duration 
: 5 May to 7 July 2017 
Role 
: Learner 
Modules 
: JDK & SE 
 
Important Objects Developed / Customized: 
  
Learn how to minify code-JavaScript, HTML, CSS 
  
Using visual code studio, code sublime text, Eclipse and development. 
 
Education: 
B.tech computer science from CT group of institution shahpur Jalandhar. 
University_Punjab Technical University. 
2016-2020. 
       
         Date of birth: 
            10-01-2000 
 
 
 

A B O U T
I am an experienced social media manager, Digital Marketer, Event
Manager seeking a full-time position in the field of social media, marketing
communications and event management,where I can apply my knowledge
and skills for continuous improvement.
W O R K  E X P E R I E N C E
E D U C A T I O N
SCHOOL
Don Bosco M.H.S.S Egmore
 
COLLEGE 
Loyola College - Visual Communication
A W A R D S
Best Team Lead
Woovly
BEST INTERN
Viral Fission
Grove X
INDIVIDUAL CAMPAIGN
Zomato,Amazon prime India 
DIGITAL MARKETING
Woovly - State Lead 
Viral Fission - City Head ( Netflix
India,Myntra,Boat,Redbull,Tinder
Groove X - City Head 
EVENT MANAGEMENT
Blind Chemistry,Loyola College
C O N T A C T
P: +91 7299935302
E: gerardroshan7@gmail.com
fb.me/jeredroshan - Facebook 
@jeredroshan - Instagram 
@jeredroshan - Twitter| Linkdin
S O C I A L
Social media strategy
Marketing
Copywriting
Concept Development
Video Shoots 
Project management
Layout design
Photo editing
Market research
P R O F E S S I O N A L
S K I L L S
Creative spirit
Reliable and professional
Organized
Time management
Team player
Fast learner
Motivated
P E R S O N A L   S K I L L S
JERED ROSHAN 
S O C I A L  M E D I A  M A N A G E R  |
D I G I T A L  M A R K E T E R  |  E V E N T
M A N A G E R
SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGER
BurgerMan

TECHNICAL SKILL: 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 
SUMMARY OF SKILLS: 
 
 
Name: - 
DEBASHISH BEHERA 
Mobile: -  9776543439 
Email: - 
beheradebashish56@gmail.com 
 
Secure a responsible career opportunity to utilize my knowledge and 
skills. while making a magnificent contribution to the success of the company. 
 
Qualification 
College/Institutes 
Board/ 
University 
Year 
Aggregate 
 
MCA 
Roland Institute of    
Technology, 
SuryaVihar, 
Berhampur,Ganjam, 
Odisha 
 
BPUT 
 
2020-22 
 
78 
 
BCA  
Chikiti       
Mahavidyalaya, 
Chikiti, 
Ganjam,Odisha 
 
Berhampur                                                             
University 
 
2017-20 
 
76.4% 
 
+2 
Gayatri junior                           
college,   Behampur 
Berhampur 
University 
 
2015-17 
 
56 
 
           10th 
S S R Bidya Peetha 
ch  badapur 
     BSE, 
    Odisha 
2015  
76 
 
      
  Operating System 
:   Windows 
  Application Software 
:  MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) 
  Database 
: Oracle 
  Programming Language 
:   python,c,c++,java 
  Good analytical & programming skills. 
  Initiative for taking new responsibilities and high inter-personal skill. 
 
OBJECTIVE:  
 
PROJECTS: 
DECLARATION: 
   PYTHON completion certificate from Durga soft solution(march 
2023) 
  ORACLE complition certification from  Naresh it(march 2023) 
  NPTEL online certification of Data Analytics with Python 
  NPTEL online certification of Computer networks and internet 
protocol  
  NPTEL online certification of Database management system  
  MCA Major Project(06/2022 to 09/2022) 
I participated in the training program and successfully completed the 
project on "college management system". 
  OS: Windows platform   
   Java Enterprise Edition and Java web components   
   MySQL 
   HTML/CSS/JavaScript 
the system will greatly simplify and speed the management process. It will 
describe the paper work. The admin, faculty or the student will perform all the 
task very easily and more convenience way. 
 
 
Date Of Birth: - 
12-02-2000 
Language Known: - 
Odia, Hindi, English 
Permanent Address: - 
Badapur, Ganjam, Odisha, 761005 
 
I do hereby declare that the particulars of information & facts stated here 
in above are true, correct & complete to the best of my knowledge & belief. 
                                                                                                         
                                                                                                             Signature 
Debashish Behera 
 
 
   
PERSONAL INFORMATION: 
EXTRA SKILL CERTICATES: 

 
  KASTHURI NARESH KUMAR 
 
 Contact no: +91 9030124591 
Email: kasthurinareshkumar68@gmail.com 
 
Career Objective: 
A motivated individual with in-depth knowledge of languages and development tools, possessing good interpersonal and 
analytical skills seeking a position in a growth-oriented company where I can use my skills to the advantage of the 
company while concurrently aiding my personal growth. 
Education: 
 
SNO 
Degree 
University/College  
Duration 
Percentage 
1 
Master's in Advance Computer 
Science 
Cardiff Metropolitan 
University, United Kingdom 
Jan 2020- Nov 
2021 
        64   
2 
Btech 
Geethanjali College of 
Engineering and Technology 
 2015- 
 2019 
 
        59 
3 
Intermediate 
Narayana Jr College 
2013-2015 
         93 
4 
Secondary School Education 
Sri Gurudatta High School 
2005-2013 
         92 
 
Skills:  
Programming Languages 
C, Python  
Backend Framework          
Django 
Frontend 
HTML, CSS 
Database 
MySQL 
Data Visualization Tool    
PowerBi  
Version Control                 
Github 
 
  
Object Oriented Programming Knowledge on Inheritance, Encapsulation, Polymorphism, Data Abstraction. 
  
Knowledge on Python Libraries like NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib and Beautiful Soup. 
  
Knowledge on Web scraping. 
  
Knowledge on Regular Expression. 
  
Knowledge on Multithreading. 
  
Knowledge on Advanced Functions on Python such as Lambda, Filter, Map, Generator. 
 
Work Experience: 
                     Associate System Engineer 
                                                                                           FEB  2022-Present 
                          Tata Consultancy Services, Hyderabad                                                                   
  
Identified possible system enhancements to improving functionality and streamline administration. 
  
Collaborated with quality assurance team to verify correct implementation of software development changes. 
  
Provided advice on project costs, design concepts, or design changes. 
  
Worked with software development and testing team members to design and develop robust solutions to meet 
client requirements for functionality, scalability, and performance. 
 
Training and Certification: 
  
PythonLife - Certified Professional in Python Language 
  
Certified as Microsoft Technical Associate (MTA) for Networking fundamental 
  
Trained on Web Development and designing using WordPress. 
  
Runner-up in Debugging competition held at CVSR college 
Projects: 
 
Key Strengths 
  Analytical Thinking. 
  Problem solving 
  Detail- Oriented. 
  Team work 
  Effective communication skills. 
Personal Information 
  
Date of Birth         :        Aug 06, 1997. 
  
Languages known :        English, Telugu, Hindi. 
  
Marital Status        :        Unmarried. 
  
Nationality            :        Indian. 
Declaration 
 I do declare that all the information enclosed is true and I thank you in advance for considering my application. I 
will be able to prove myself as an asset to your organization. 
Place : Hyderabad 
(NARESH KUMAR KASTHURI) 
 
 
 
 
Projects 
Description 
1) 
Railway Reservation Management System 
Requirements: Python, MySQL 
 
1) This Project is to find information on availability of trains, 
upon entering pick and drop details and the day of travel, we 
must get list of all the available trains with seats and the price. 
2) This system can be also integrated with a booking system 
and an end-to-end application can be created out of this. The 
Purpose of this project is to provide a seamless and hassle-
free system for the users to view their choice of trains 
 
2) 
Bank Management System 
Requirements: Python3, Date Time Module, MySQL. 
 
1)This is a simple console-based system 
2Features:1) open new account,2) Deposit, 3) Withdrawal, 4) 
Balance Enquiry, 5) Exit 
3)In brief, this project mainly focusses on CRUD. There is an 
external database connection file used in this project to save 
user's data permanently. 
 
3) 
Exploratory Data Analysis on Covid 19 Cases. 
Requirements: Python3, Date Time Module, Pandas, 
NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Jupyter Notebook. 
 
In This Project we did EDA on Covid Dataset using Pandas and 
NumPy Data Pre-processing is done and using Matplotlib we 
did Data Visualization and by using python 3 and Jupyter 
notebook. 
 
4) 
Django E-Commerce 
Requirements: Python3, Django Framework, MySQL 
1)This project deals with developing a Virtual website ‘E-
commerce Website'. User must create username and login to 
authenticate login. 
2)list of the various products available for purchase in the 
store will be shown, a shopping cart is provided to the user 
convince. it is sent for the order confirmation process. 
 


M O T I O N  G R A P H I C S  A R T I S T  &  V I D E O  E D I T O R
B A N G A L
S A N K E T  
C A R E E R  O B J E C T I V E
Seeking a long term challenging career
position in My field where I can effectively
contribute my skills at work as well as
continuous development in my abilities to
match with the latest trends in the Market.
2013 - 2015   Pune University Bachelor
of Mass Media
2009 - 2011   Higher Secondary School
P E R S O N A L  S K I L L
E X P E R I E N C E
J O B  P R O F I L E
Completed Degree In Bachelor of Mass Media& Sound Engineering.
Good interpersonal relationship and communication.
Ability to deal with people diplomatically, willingness to learn.
Working as a Video Editor & Motion Graphics Artist in TrueFan. (From Aug-2021)
Worked as a Motion Graphics Artist in LearnVectors. (May-2020 to Aug-2021) 
Worked as a Video Editor & Motion Artist in Parth Knowledge Pvt. Ltd ( Nov-2019 to Apr-2020)
Worked as a Video Editor & 2D animator in Jaro Toppscholars. (Feb-2019 to Sep-2019)
Worked as a Video Editor at NMTV. (Jan-2018 to Dec-2018)
Worked as a Video Editor in Jai Maharashtra News Channel. (Nov-2016 to Dec-2017) 
Worked such as Recording and Mixing Sound as an Assistant of Mangesh Sawant.
Freelancing Videos Editing.
.Editing Shorts Film.
Worked on Documentary film , promos ,T.V.Reports , Educational shorts films.
E-Learning Videos & 2D Motion Graphics Animation.
Freelancing Mixing & Mastering Songs.
E D U C A T I O N
C O N T A C T  I N F O R M A T I O N
M Y  W O R K  L I N K S
After Effect CC, Adobe illustrator, FCP X, FCP 7, Adobe Premiere Pro CC, Adobe Audition,
Adobe Photoshop CC , Logic Pro X, Ableton, Resemble.
Mobile Phone : 7977420068
Sagar Gupta - O Saajana (Lyric Video) | Aisha | Original
Email Address : sbangal8@gmail.com
Friendship Medley by Sagar Gupta Ft. Dharmil and Gaurav | Dosti Mashup | Friendship Day Songs
Aisha - Kahe Banaye Batiyan Ft. Imran Khan & Akshara Nair | Music Video
Mother's Day Song | Maa Se Pyaara - Aisha | O Maa | Music Video
Animation Link
Video Link
Home Address: Ashok Nagar , Datar Colony , Bhandup (E) , Mumbai - 400042
Sagar Gupta - Pareshan Kyun | Lyric Video
S O F T W A R E ' S


 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
lanyuealisonmeng (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Matlab
Nuclear Medicine
C
Languages
English (Full Professional)
German (Elementary)
Japanese (Professional Working)
Italian (Elementary)
Chinese (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Algorithms: Design and Analysis,
Part 2
BerkeleyX: CS110x Big Data
Analysis with Apache Spark
An Introduction to Interactive
Programming in Python
Algorithms: Design and Analysis,
Part 1
BerkeleyX: CS120x Distributed
Machine Learning with Apache
Spark
Honors-Awards
National scholarship
National Scholarship
National Scholarship
National Scholarship
Lanyue Alison Meng
Senior Data Scientist at Google
San Francisco, California, United States
Summary
Passionate statistical data scientist with demonstrated experience
utilizing machine learning to create predictive models and actionable
insights. 
My Email: lanyue.meng@gmail.com
My Technical Skills:
  Analytics: understanding business problems and building data-
driven solutions
  Machine Learning: Regression, Classification, Clustering, Feature
Selection, Model Selection/ Assessment, and Recommendation
  ETL& Data Mining
  Natural Language Processing
  Python Data Analysis: Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, NLTK
  R Data Analysis: Dplyr, Lubridate, Glment, Caret, Tidyr
  Data Visualization: Tableau, ddplot, matplotlib
  Big Data related techniques: Spark, Hadoop, Oozie, Sqoop, Hive,
Impala
  Programming Languages: Scala,Python, R, Scala, SQL, C,
JavaScript, Matlab
  Database: MySQL, SQL Server, TeraData, Vertica, MongoDB
Experience
Google
5 years 6 months
Senior Data Scientist
November 2022 - Present (9 months)
San Francisco, California, United States
YouTube Responsibility
Data Scientist
November 2021 - November 2022 (1 year 1 month)
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
San Francisco, California, United States
YouTube Responsibility
Data Scientist
February 2018 - November 2021 (3 years 10 months)
Zurich, Switzerland
Google Trust & Safety
MedeAnalytics
Data Engineer
April 2016 - August 2017 (1 year 5 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
1. Developed a clinical quality engine in Spark (Scala) to quantify the quality
and cost of patient care with over 79 measures
2.  Implemented ETL jobs for products in Spark (Scala) and deployed in
production Hadoop ecosystem
2.1 Developed in full software development lifecycle
2.2 Supported weekly reporting and analytics for over 150 medical facilities on
customized UI platforms
2.3 Built over 70 metrics to measure the quality and the effectiveness of
hospital utilizations, to detect their areas of risk and to provide solutions to
improve their financial health
2.4 Investigated and debugged data issues such as outdated data and
timestamps converted to incorrect time zones
3. Designed and built  scaled data pipelines to transfer and process data (1TB
daily) using Apache Oozie, Spark, Sqoop and Hive
3.1 Improved instrumentation to ensure the accuracy, concurrency and
timeliness of these pipelines and optimized logging
4.Performed ad hoc analysis, data processing and data visualization using
Hive and Impala and other SQL scripts
2nd.MD
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
Data Analyst
February 2015 - January 2016 (1 year)
Houston, Texas Area
1. Performed data cleaning, data integration, data mining and machine
learning on health care claims data (ICD10& CPT Codes) 
1.1 Proactively stratified high-risk &high-cost population and adjusted risk
management to supply targeted communication
1.2 Predicted future costs using models of PCA, K-means, Support Vector
Machine, Random Forest, Gradient Boosting 
2. Designed and developed statistical software scripts to detect and diagnose
bugs and created targeted cost savings analysis for sales, operations and
cross-functional areas
3. Supplied troubleshooting, analysis, and solutions for 2nd.MD MySQL
database and back-end application issues
4. Created effective business requirements documentation and technical
reporting
5. Developed and managed 2nd.MD RFP database
6. Provided technical support for 2nd.MD consultations 
7. Provided QA testings on Web Applications and APIs
8. Designed new internal interfaces and metric dashboards for performance
monitoring
9. Visualized and optimized operations workflow in a migration from
SalesForce to in-house software
MolecularMatch
Software Engineer Internship
July 2014 - December 2014 (6 months)
1. Structured data queries and data mining via a gene-based FDA clinical trial
&targeted drug MongoDB big database 
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
2. Consolidated data from pharmaceutical & clinicaltrials.gov databases and
enabled streamlined updated access based on FDA regulations
3. Researched and Refined data for medical affiliations and clinical locations
phases with JavaScript and Python
4. Assembled a user interface prototype that incorporates accurate search
algorithms
Education
Rice University
Master of Engineering (MEng), Bioengineering and Biomedical
Engineering · (2013 - 2014)
University of Electronic Science and Technology
Bachelor of Engineering (BEng), Optoelectronic Science and
Engineering · (2009 - 2013)
 
Page 4 of 4

To secure an entry-level position as a video editor in a dynamic 
organization where I can utilize my creativity and technical skills to 
produce engaging video content. With a strong foundation in video 
editing software and techniques acquired through my education, 
internships, and personal projects, I am eager to learn and grow as a 
professional video editor.
Jul. 2019 -
Oct. 2022
Sigma Techinfra Solutions (India) Private Limited - 
Mumbai, Maharashtra
As a Control Room Operator
   Monitored emergency situations and coordinated 
response efforts to natural disasters, such as accidents, 
hurricanes, floods, and wildfires. Collaborated with first 
responders and other stakeholders to ensure a timely 
and effective response.
   Communicated critical information to emergency 
responders and other stakeholders during 
high-pressure situations. Utilized advanced 
communication tools and technologies to provide 
real-time updates and coordinate response efforts.
   Managed multiple tasks simultaneously, including 
monitoring incoming emergency calls, dispatching 
emergency services, and maintaining detailed 
records of incidents and responses.
   Trained new control room operators and provided 
ongoing support and mentorship to team members.
Oct. 2018 -
Apr. 2019
Tele calling BPO - 
Mumbai, Maharashtra
As a Telecaller
May 2015 -
Jun. 2018
Encroachment Department - 
Mumbai, Maharashtra
As a Personal Assistant
Experience
2020
Bachlor of Commerce (B.Com) 
Mumbai University
2012
H.S.C. 
Mumbai University
2010
S.S.C. 
Mumbai University
Education
Portfolio Link
https://www.behance.net/ankit_soni
Ankit Soni
Video Editor
Personal Info
Mobile: 
+91 8097211825
E-mail: 
05ankitsoni@gmail.com
Professional Skills
Adobe Premiere Pro
Adobe After Effects
Adobe Lightroom
Other Skills
Microsoft Word
Microsoft Excel
Marathi & English Typing
Key Strength
Creativity: The ability to think 
creatively and come up with 
innovative ideas and designs for both 
static and dynamic visual content.
Attention to detail: A keen eye for 
detail and the ability to ensure that 
all visual elements are consistent, 
aesthetically pleasing, and error-free.
Adaptability: The ability to adapt to 
new technologies, tools, and trends 
in the field of video editing to ensure 
that you stay up-to-date and relevant.
Languages
English
Hindi
Marathi

Dr BHATIA PG Medical Coaching Institute (DBMCI)
1. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_JFjRnlFGc
2. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kr30IpsP9uw
3. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MN5YCtheTs
4. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5YESuLfiyM
5. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_5xONAcc2U
6. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpEV0VPQQ8M
7. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhljWzE79R8
Delhi Academy of Medical Sciences (DAMS)
1. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LF0V3Eysyzc
2. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-I1XVc8RvY
3. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QULwRZNFJMU
4. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIebR4higpo
5. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqBGidVkCus
6. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4RpU84wGhqs
7. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fG9NDlFGcKQ
8. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KqR0kuQ1AWA
9. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpfeWUMyHls
10. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJHkIzOaNNM
11. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rPoAq55jek
International Clients
1.
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rC0vPdPO9KOxEerTqBD6dSNp160OUtMg/view?usp=share_link -
Healthcare
2.
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Fpw1YGt1Gv5StcHFC1Ayx_r5iWNV3UxH/view?usp=share_link -
Automobile
3.
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1R4v8T_1MpW6n0MzG8uQ6Vu57lRri8kaZ/view?usp=share_link-
Wedding Trailer
2d Animation
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ShG1LwdE5mhTE2fwMncMIlnG0pGELyBi/view?usp=share_link - Mental
Health 2d animation video
VFX
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Eu1l3JPd1yfVuD4AT2I61tHHwKn5yN24/view?usp=share_link -
Lightning Effect
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1v0wrcZ4leYyv7aIjDDRYF8C2IBvXiJ5x/view?usp=share_link - Day To
Night
Thanks,
Saksham Gupta
Designer And Editor

Ankit Mishra  
Software Engineer 
My career aspiration is to provide digital solutions for real-life human and business problems utilizing my 
knowledge in AI and Machine Learning, Web Development and various other domains 
+91 8779693725 | ankitxtowod@gmail.com |https://www.linkedin.com/in/ankkkyyyy/ | https://github.com/Ankkkyyyy 
EXPERIENCE 
FullStack Web Developer  Intern                                                                                        Oct 2022 - April 2023 
Verbient Technologies Private Limited 
Jaipur, India 
  
Worked on Frontend by creating general landing pages for clients as well as handled client side scripting by writing some 
business logic. But Mostly worked on backend Engineering with PHP & MySQL by creating & managing Admin Dashboard & 
database operations & Deployed the web application on AWS Ec2 Windows Sever. 
Programming Instructor                                                                                                     Nov 2022 - March 2023 
Universe Simplified               
Mumbai, India 
  Teaching Python Programming to Educators that are some university teachers & to some MSC & BSC graduates. 
        Machine Learning Trainiee                                                                                                                        Aug 2021 - Sept 2021 
       Ignitech                                                                                                                                                                                        Mumbai, India             
  
Worked on a Gender classfier ML Model that was later integrated in to Web App by using HTML, Bootstrap at front end & 
Flask at backend, Gender classifier has a data set of almost more than 1 lakh rows, & on basis of that it predicts the output as 
per user input. The Model is been built by using Naive Bayes algorithm. 
EDUCATION 
Thakur College of Engineering & Technology                                                                               Mumbai, India 
Bachelor of Technology in Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning.   
  2022 - Present 
S.H Jondhale Polytechnic  
   Dombivli,  India 
Diploma in Computer Science Engineering. (87%) 
2019 - 2022 
PROJECTS & RESEARCH 
AnalyaticsHUB | Flask,Pandas, Tailwindcss, Javascript                                                                March 2023-Present 
  Developing a smart website for providing API Services. 
  Currently it provides many data for Indian Premier League & as it is under development will be looking forward to add 
more API's services 
  Used Pandas for performing all the IPL analysis part, & Flask for Creating RestAPI's & backend, Frontend part was 
engineered using HTML, TailwindCSS, Javascript. 
       TechWave | Flask, Beautiful Soup4, Javascript ,Tailwind CSS. 
Oct 2022 - Oct 2022 
  Developed a Tech Post Downloader Web App that will keep you updated with latest technology news that is 
basically done with WebScrapping & viewer can download the news just like a post.  
Chat Visualizer | Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Streamlit                                     Dec 2021 - May 2022 
  The Chat Visualizer is a is a statistical analysis tool for Working on the chat files that can be exported & this tool is based on 
data analysis and processing. 
  Helps users by giving insights like Most Used Words, Most Talkative Person in the chat, Days & months when the talk 
was the most & much more.  
JSON Formatter | React, Chakra UI. 
July 2022 - July 2022 
  JSON formatter is a free online tool designed to assist users in formatting and beautifying their JSON codes.  
  Helps to restructure JSON. A few clicks on your device will be enough to format your JSON code with this online tool. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Languages: Python, Java, C/C++, SQL, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, PHP.  
Frameworks & Libraries: Scikitlearn, Flask, Django, Streamlit, Numpy, Pandas Matplotlib, Seaborn, 
Selenium, Beautiful Soup, React, TailwindCSS, Chakra UI ,Bootstrap.  
Tools: Git & Github, VSCode, PyCharm,  Jupyter Notebook ,  Postman, Amazon Ec2, Weka.  

Sachin Sasi
sachnsas@gmail.com ❖ Portfolio ❖ +91 8140811899 ❖ Bengaluru, India
As a video creator with 4 years of professional experience and 3 years of freelance work, I bring expertise in
screenwriting, cinematography, video editing and sound design. My passion for storytelling drives me to constantly
find new and creative ways to bring a story to life on screen. Currently, I oversee the entire video project process,
including pre-visualization, indoor/outdoor and VFX shoots, working with animators and directing to ensure
maximum output. I am confident in my ability to bring your vision to life.
WORK EXPERIENCE
BYJU'S Think & Learn Pvt Ltd
Sep. 2018 - Mar. 2023
Sr. Creative Specialist, Brand Creative Strategy & Design
Bengaluru
▪
Overseeing project management and creative direction for all video formats
▪
Taking client brief and utilising a metric-based approach for ideation and content delivery
▪
Achieved exceptional lead generation and click-through rates, resulting in conversions
▪
Experience in creating narrative videos, explainers, and testimonial interviews
▪
Expertise in film direction, cinematography, editing, and digital intermediate
National Institute Of Design
May. 2018 - Jun. 2018
Design Associate
Ahmedabad
▪
Developed a comprehensive story for sustainable textiles in the form of a short documentary
▪
Conducted interviews with artisans and weavers in remote locations of Ahmedabad and Kutch
▪
Gathered information to comprehend the collaboration between students and artisans
▪
Arranged and managed equipment, crew and shoot plan from pre-production to delivery
Somfy India Pvt. Ltd
Mar. 2018 - Apr. 2018
Video Creator
Ahmedabad
▪
Developed concept and screenplay for a promotional video
ZR Productions
May. 2016 - Jul. 2016
Associate Cinematographer
Ahmedabad
▪
Created a hyperlapse music video for a Gujrati feature film.
EDUCATION
National Institute Of Design
Jan. 2018
Bachelor of Design (B.Des), Film/Video Production and Communication
Ahmedabad
▪
Completed 2 short films, 2 documentaries, and 2 advertisements from script to screen
▪
Acquired hands-on experience and improved technical proficiency in film-making and production processes
AWARDS, SKILLS & INTERESTS
▪
Excellerators Award - BYJU'S Achievers' Club, for consistent high quality across work products
Mar. 2022
▪
Cinema Experimenta - Signs Film Festival, Federation of Film Societies of India-Keralam
Oct. 2015
o
'Magic Print' (Design film) won John Abraham National Awards for cinema experimenta
▪
Professional Skills: Creative direction; strategy; film direction; casting; recruiting; photography; cinematography;
screenplay; storyboard; research; content development; art direction; lighting; project management; sound design; video
editing; colour correction; colour grading; director of photography
▪
Software Skills: Adobe Premiere Pro; Da Vinci Resolve; Adobe Audition; Adobe After Effects;
▪
Interests: Motorcycling; travelling; coffee; clubbing; exercise; film buff

Jenna Richards
BA International Relations Student 
London, UK
www.linkedin.com/in/jenna-richards28/
07487587217
jennarichards28@sky.com
PROFILE
As an international relations student, I have a passion for global politics and conﬂict resolution. I am skilled in 
political and historical analysis, critical thinking, and research and writing. I have a strong work ethic and 
excellent interpersonal skills, enabling me to successfully navigate through many industries and jobs, 
demonstrating tenacity, adaptability, and determination to get results. This combined with a strong desire to 
learn, means I can bring a new and fresh perspective to any organisation, through creative thinking, excellent 
communication, and relationship building. 
I am seeking opportunities to apply my education and gain experience that contribute to the advancement of 
peace and stability in the international community. I am open to internships and entry-level positions in 
government agencies, non-proﬁts, and international organisations. 
EMPLOYMENT
Jan 2023- present
Heritage Intern, Inquest 
London, UK
- Student intern on a heritage project documenting the 40 year history of the legal justice charity Inquest 
through a podcast. 
- Gained knowledge about the organisation and the NGO sector more broadly.
- Developed and demonstrated research skills through practical training and workshops; group project skills 
and time management; presentational skills.
- Produced an article ‘Investigating COVID-19 deaths in state custody and detention', published on both 
Inquest's and the University of Westminster's website. 
June 2022- present
Autocue Operator, BBC News
London, UK
- Responsible for controlling script for presenters during live broadcasting of BBC News and BBC World News.
- Trained in Open Media, Microsoft Excel and QMaster. 
- Working closely with senior directors, presenters and producers for BBC News. 
- Played key role for BBC News in some of the coverage of 2022s major events. Some include Queen Elizabeth 
II's death and funeral, important turning points in Russo-Ukrainian war, and coverage of UK's newly elected 
PM.
February 2022- present
Swimming Instructor, Swimming Nature
London, UK
- Swimming Nature takes a 'hands-on approach', using mechanical guidance to give the student a real feel of 
the stroke or technique.
- Working with vast range of ages and catering for individuals with varying needs. Lessons focus on both 
enjoyment and education, with drills and exercises centring on building conﬁdence in and out the water.
- One major client in the last year was the actor Ed McVey, who will be playing Prince William in season 6 of 
‘The Crown' on Netﬂix, where a high level of skill, technique and speed was required for his role.
May-June 2022
Student Intern, Fiona Fleur
London, UK
- Worked on projects and events for clients such as Harry Winston, Audemars Piguet and Ladurée.
- Required high levels of communication, attention to detail and eﬃciency to ensure products and services were 
of the highest standard and customers were satisﬁed.
- Built on creative thinking and attention to detail. 
October 2021- February 2022 
Supervisor, Neat Burger
London, UK
- Responsible for running the store in absence of general manager.
- Tasked with managing the team, ensuring quality is maintained in both food production and customer service, 
carrying out opening/closing checks and procedures and training new staﬀ.
- Cross-trained in the kitchen to ensure quality was continued throughout.
July 2021- October 2022 
Floor Manager, Snog Frozen Yoghurt 
London, UK
- Responsible for running entire store when on shift, ensuring highest food quality and customer service was 
delivered.
- Main tasks included stock requests; cashing-up in customer stores, open/closing inventories of all products 
on Microsoft Excel; leading team; training brand ambassadors on opening and closing of delivery stores and 
basic training in customer facing stores.
- Achieving and exceeding sales targets.
EDUCATION
September 2020- 2024
BA International Relations 
University of Westminster, London, UK 
- Modules include: geopolitics, international political economy, global 
security, theorising politics and IR, the politics of killing and political 
research in practice. 
- Completed 2 years of BA English Language and Linguistics before changing 
to IR at level 5 (2020-2022). Modules included: child language acquisition, 
discourse across time, language structure and meaning, words and 
meaning, language and text, language myths and exploring language. 
September 2018- August 2020
A Levels
The Beauchamp College, Leicestershire, UK 
- PE, geography, English language and level 3 mathematics. 
August 2013- August 2018
GCSEs 
Welland Park Academy, Leicestershire, UK 
- All core GCSEs including triple science; PE, geography and French. 
CERTIFACTIONS 
March 2022 
Expires March 2024
STA Safety Award 
Swimming Teachers Association
March 2022 
DBS 
UK Home Oﬃce 
January 2021
Marketing Analytics Course 
Darden School of Business 
May 2019
Level 1 Swimming Teaching Assistant  
Swim England
SKILLS
- Written communication 
- Attention to detail
- Problem-solving
- Decision-making
- Excellent communication 
- Self-motivated
- Organisation and time 
management
- Leadership
- Creative thinking
- Analytical and critical 
thinking. 
References available upon request.

 
 
 
JAIMIN MODI 
python developer 
PROFILE 
I have strong commands in 
Python language in writing scripts, 
and problem-solving using data 
structure and algorithms. Having 
been self-competitive and thriving 
for the best nature I have always 
been efficient even under 
pressure. Currently, I am looking 
for Career advancement and new 
challenges as an SDE. 
 
 
CONTACT 
PHONE: 
9408176443 
 
Location 
Ahmedabad, Gujarat 
 
EMAIL: 
Jaimin.modi6788@gmail.com 
 
LinkedIn 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jaiminm/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EDUCATION 
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING (B.E) 
GUJARAT TECHNOLOGICAL UNIVERSITY 
2013 - 2018 
HSC (10+2) 
ASH SECONDARY SCHOOL GSEB BOARD 
2012 - 2013 
SSC (10th) 
ASH SECONDARY SCHOOL GSEB BOARD 
2010 - 2011 
PROJECT 
1) Real-time share price prediction  
This project uses data from real and gets to the predicted price for the 
expected price.  
 
2) Any web-scabbing data 
This project uses data scabbing for data entry and collecting reviews, 
comments, and stars for product analysis.  
 
TRAINING/COURSES 
 
 
75%
PYTHON 3
PYTHON
ADVAN…
DJANGO
FLASK
DSA
PURSUE

 
PALAK 
BHATNAGAR 
Ghaziabad, India | +917599074312 | tanubhatnagar2001@gmail.com 
 
I am a soon-to-be-graduated engineer who is seeking an opportunity to join a forward-thinking organization 
that can help me enhance my skills, deepen my knowledge and provide valuable perspectives. I am 
passionate about pursuing a career in the IT industry, and I am excited to contribute to the growth of the 
company by channeling my enthusiasm and sharpening my expertise. 
 
EXPERIENCE / INTERNSHIPS 
07/2022 - 08/2022 
Software Intern | National Informatics Center | New Delhi 
Unlocking the complexities of government application, worked on data for analysis along with making website. 
Some project was a Responsive website that was developed using html, css, javascript and php to predict the 
current weather of the city. DNS Changer Application was made to change the DNS and IP of the network to 
which the device was connected. Data Analysis project made using Microsoft Power BI Tool. 
 
03/2022 - 06/2022  
Android Developer | SSJ IT Solutions Pvt. Ltd | Ghaziabad 
Made a live android application named MyNaav- A boat booking App. This application was made on 
company's demand and was made for booking boats on the Varanasi ghats. The application was made using 
JAVA. 
 
06/2021 - 09/2021  
Industrial Trainee | netcamp.in | Ghaziabad  
Honed my Android development skills with Java, cultivated expertise in website development using HTML, 
CSS, and PHP, and gained knowledge about the underlying concepts of networking and Linux. Some projects 
were Babble- A video calling application which enables users to connect with each other through video 
calling, accommodating up to 60 participants. 
 
 
 
EDUCATION 
2019 - 2023 
Bachelor of Technology | IMS Engineering College | Ghaziabad 
 
Relevant Coursework: Computer Science and Engineering 
 
President at NGO WINGS IN IMSEC 
 
Top Performer in all the semesters of CSE Branch in IMSEC. 
 
Percentage: 88.72 % 
 
2017 - 2018 
Intermediate | SS Children Academy Girls School | Moradabad 
 
Relevant Coursework: Physics Chemistry, Math 
 
Percentage: 78.8 % 
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 
Core Java  
 
C Programming 
 
Python Programming 
 
Machine Learning 
 
HTML and CSS with PHP 
 
MySQL Database 
 
Android Development 
 
Web Development 
 
Microsoft Power BI Tool  
 
Linux 
 
Networking 
 
 
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS 
 
 
Effective Communication 
 
 Leadership 
 
Time Management 
 
Critical Thinking 
 
Adaptability 
 
Teamwork and Collaboration 
 
 
VOLUNTEER PROJECTS 
Live Weather Forecasting Website 
 
 A website which uses open weather api to extract and show the data of the weather according to the 
selected city. 
 
 Website is integrated with google OAuth and twitter OAuth for login and verification purpose. 
Predictive Maintenance of HVAC System 
 
This is a sponsored project by Auto test mechanism. 
 
It's a part of industry 4.0 and helps to predict the health of system using Hardware and software 
simultaneously. 
Driver Drowsiness Detection Using Machine Learning 
 
A python program integrated with KNN theorem to detect the face of the driver and beeps an alarm 
when a driver closes its eyes for 8 seconds and more to prevent the accidents. 
MyNaav-Boat Booking Application 
 
This android application was made to book a boat online to visit the ghats of Varanasi. 
 
This application is integrated with payment system as well to pay the charges online. 
Babble-Hassle Free Video Calling 
 
This android application is integrated with jitsi meet which allows a user to make video calls to others 
with the help of an access code. 
 
This application allows at most 60 users to connect simultaneously without time limit. 
 
Firebase is also integrated in the application to authenticate the user. 
 
CERTIFICATES 
 
Python for Data Science by IBM Developer 
 
MICROSOFT POWER BI by ICT Academy 
 
Introduction to Cloud by IBM Developer 
 
SQL AND RELATIONAL DATABASE by IBM 
 
Artificial Inteligence Virtual Exp. by Forage. 
 
Java Training by EDUCBA. 
 
Python for Machine Learning by Great Learning Academy. 
 
Build Responsive Website using HTML5, CSS3 by EDUCBA. 
 
Cyber Security Experience by Forage 

EDUCATION
WORK EXPERIENCE
UI UX Design | Diploma
Bachelor of Architecture | Degree
SAYALI GANGAPURKAR BHATIA
Moraya Gosavi Raj, Phase-1, Park,
Chinchwad, Pune, Maharashtra-411033
www.behance.net/sayaligangapurkar
+91 - 7498980240
sayaligangapurkar@gmail.com
CONTACT
U I / U X  D E S I G N E R , A R C H I T E C T
EDIT Institute
2022-2022
Conducted initial site visits to assess client needs.
Drafted blueprints and designs for new construction projects.
Presented designs to clients and revised based on feedback.
Worked with contractor during construction to ensure project
was completed according to plans.
Recent graduate with a Diploma in UI/UX Design and a
passion for creating intuitive and user-friendly interfaces.
Strong understanding of user-centered design principles and
experience with industry-standard design tools such as
Figma, Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, HTML. Comfortable
working in a fast-paced and collaborative environment.
Seeking to apply my skills and knowledge to a UI/UX design
role at a forward-thinking company.
PROFILE
Pune
IDEA College
Nasik
Science | HSC
K.R.Kotkar College
2009-2010
Chalisgaon
Science | SSC
A.B. Girl's High School
2007-2008
Chalisgaon
2011-2015
Architect Interior Designer
Freelancer
2022-2022
Pune
Conducted initial site visits to assess client needs
Drafted blueprints and designs for new construction projects
Presented designs to clients and revised based on feedback
Worked with contractor during construction to ensure project
was completed according to plans.
Architect 
Rupali & Vivek Jaykhedkar Architects
2018 - 2017
Nasik
Conducted initial site visits to assess client needs.
Presented designs to clients and revised based on feedback.
Worked with contractor during construction to ensure project
was completed according to plans.
Junior architect
Architect & Interior Designer Sanjay Baris 
2017 - 2016
Jalgaon
Designed exterior and interior spaces for clients.
Developed floor plans and elevations for construction projects.
Inspected construction sites to confirm adherence to plans.
Prepared models and sketches of proposed designs
Researched code requirements to ensure plans met all.
Architect Intern
Modi Shrivastava And Associate
2015 - 2014
Baroda
SKILLS
Technical Skills
Figma
Adobe Illustrator
AutoCAD
Lumion
HTML
Photoshop
Soft Skills
Problem Solving
Positive Work Ethics
Creativity
Teamworking
Adaptability
HOBBIES
Painting
Making DIY
Videography
Travelling
Photography
Article Reading

SKILLS
Yi
Yi
447529980469
enidclown@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/yi-enid-yi-52b70a213
40 Lillie Road, SW6 1TN
PROFILE
Strong ability to learn new skills and communicate with coworkers. My attention to details and
analytical skills are strong and I am target driven and results focused. A highly motivated team
player, keen to take on new challenge.
Trados
Wincaps4
Kapwing
MemoQ
Clideo
WORK EXPERIENCE
Linguist
TAUS language data
solutions
2023.01-Now
Voice over artist
Transparent
2022.12-Now
Sales assistant
Miniso UK
2022.12-2023.01
Event executive
profiles personnel
2022.12-Now
Freelancer
Translator and Interpreter 2020.04-Now
Dame Ningen
Sales Executive
2022.10-2022.10
Event people
Betting assistant
2022.06-Now
Yori Korean Restaurant
waitress
2022.09-Now
Elizabeth qing.ltd
fashion consultant
2022.09-Now
Acedemiaone
Digital Marketer intern
2022.09-2022.10
State Grid of China
Electrical Engineer
2009.07-2020.1
EDUCATION 教育经历
University of Essex
MA
Advanced
Interpreting
with Specialised
translation (Chinese-
English)
2021.09 - 2022.06
University of Essex
Diploma in Chinese-
2020.09 - 2021.06
English
Translation
and Interpreting
North China Electric Power University
Master in Electronic
2012.01 - 2016.01
and Communication
Engineering
North China Electric Power University
BA Automation
2005.09 - 2009.07
Experience
In silico modelling of skin permeation
Simultaneous Interpreter
2022.03
Introduction to machine learning
Simultaneous Interpreter
2022.03
How to develop your personal style
Simultaneous Interpreter
2022.03
HAC Interviews about identity and multi-
Simultaneous Interpreter
2022.01
culturalism of people with aphasia personal
perspectives
HAC Early predictors of literacy and lexicon
Simultaneous Interpreter
2022.01
development in bilingual children in primary
school:
Evidence
from
the
longitudinal
Medical translation
Translator
2021.11 -2022.03
Food and brain health
Simultaneous Interpreter
2021.12
Diabetes
Simultaneous Interpreter
2021.12
Banking and Asset Management
Internship
2021.06
Japanese Art
Consecutive Interpreter
2021.04
Certificates
Diploma of Chinese-English Translation and Interpreting
Master in Electronic and Communication Engineering
BA Automation
CATTI level-3 translation(Chinese- English)
Level 2 Food Safety and Hygiene Certificate
Understanding Politics University of Kent
How Politics Works: From the Individual to an International Scale University of Kent
Innovation: the fashion industry University of Leeds
Branding and Marketing University of Oxford
Understanding finance in organisations University of Cambridge Institute of Continuing
Education
International human rights: war, conflict and the responsibility to protect University of
Cambridge Institute of Continuing Education
Improving Food Production with Agricultural Technology and Plant Biotechnology EIT Food
and University of Cambridge
Reversing diabetes: fact or fiction University of Leicester

EDUCATION
EXPERTISE
BE in Computer Science
The Oxford College of Engineering
2017- 2021
UI/ UX Certification Course
Designboat, Bengaluru
Dec 2022 - April 2023
Figma
Graphic Designer 
AdobeXD
Photoshop
Illustrator
HTML & CSS
Webflow
-Healofy 
Oct 2021-Mar 2022
AKSHAY
UI/UX Designer 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Interests
Skills
Projects
PROFILE
As a UI/UX Designer, I am passionate about creating engaging digital 
experiences that solve user problems and enhance brand perception. With 
expertise in user research, wireframing, prototyping, and visual design, I 
strive to craft intuitive and delightful interfaces that elevate the user 
experience. I am adept at collaborating with cross-functional teams, 
leveraging user feedback, and staying up-to-date with industry trends and 
emerging technologies to deliver impactful and user-centric designs.
Created at Design Boat
A Travel Application from scratch which includes IOS, Android and 
Web Design

I have  also done group User Research(UX Part) for the same 
domain  
Cooking
Reading
Gaming
Fitness
U I / U X  D e s i g n e r 
+91 8105002310 
Phone
akshayv2310@gmail.com 
Rajajinagar,
Bengaluru, 560086 
Email
Address
UI Design
UX Research
Wireframing
EDUCATION
EXPERTISE
BE in Computer Science
The Oxford College of Engineering
2017- 2021
UI/ UX Certification Course
Designboat, Bengaluru
Dec 2022 - April 2023
Figma
Graphic Designer 
AdobeXD
Photoshop
Illustrator
HTML & CSS
Webflow
-Healofy 
Oct 2021-Mar 2022
AKSHAY
UI/UX Designer 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Interests
Skills
Projects
PROFILE
As a UI/UX Designer, I am passionate about creating engaging digital 
experiences that solve user problems and enhance brand perception. With 
expertise in user research, wireframing, prototyping, and visual design, I 
strive to craft intuitive and delightful interfaces that elevate the user 
experience. I am adept at collaborating with cross-functional teams, 
leveraging user feedback, and staying up-to-date with industry trends and 
emerging technologies to deliver impactful and user-centric designs.
Created at Design Boat
A Travel Application from scratch which includes IOS, Android and 
Web Design

I have  also done group User Research(UX Part) for the same 
domain  
Cooking
Reading
Gaming
Fitness
U I / U X  D e s i g n e r 
+91 8105002310 
Phone
akshayv2310@gmail.com 
Rajajinagar,
Bengaluru, 560086 
Email
Address
UI Design
UX Research
Wireframing
EDUCATION
EXPERTISE
BE in Computer Science
The Oxford College of Engineering
2017- 2021
UI/ UX Certification Course
Designboat, Bengaluru
Dec 2022 - April 2023
Figma
Graphic Designer 
AdobeXD
Photoshop
Illustrator
HTML & CSS
Webflow
-Healofy 
Oct 2021-Mar 2022
AKSHAY
UI/UX Designer 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Interests
Skills
Projects
PROFILE
As a UI/UX Designer, I am passionate about creating engaging digital 
experiences that solve user problems and enhance brand perception. With 
expertise in user research, wireframing, prototyping, and visual design, I 
strive to craft intuitive and delightful interfaces that elevate the user 
experience. I am adept at collaborating with cross-functional teams, 
leveraging user feedback, and staying up-to-date with industry trends and 
emerging technologies to deliver impactful and user-centric designs.
Created at Design Boat
A Travel Application from scratch which includes IOS, Android and 
Web Design

I have  also done group User Research(UX Part) for the same 
domain  
Cooking
Reading
Gaming
Fitness
U I / U X  D e s i g n e r 
U I / U X  D e s i g n e r 
+91 8105002310 
Phone
akshayv2310@gmail.com 
Rajajinagar,
Bengaluru, 560086 
Email
Address
UI Design
UX Research
Wireframing
Prototype

EDUCATION
COURSEWORK
UNDERGRADUATE
SKILLS
PROGRAMMING
PROFILE LINKS
HOBBIES AND
INTERESTS
EXPERIENCE
PROJECTS
AWARDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS
chiragsuthar236@gmail.com | 9265981003
Chirag Suthar
May 2021 | Chandigarh, Punjab
CGPA : 8.02/10
Proficiency
  C++   C   Python
  Competitive Programming
  Garba
  Cricket, Badminton, Cards
  Movies, Television Series
Familiar:
  JavaScript   NodeJS   JAVA
January 2021 - July 2021 | Noida, India
July 2021 - July 2022 | Pune, India
CGC Technical Campus
Chandigarh Group Of Colleges
   Time Management
   Adaptability
   Accountability
   Leadership Skills
  Team Player
Operating System
Software Engineering
Object Oriented Programming
Data Structures and Algorithm
Web Technologies
Database Management System
Machine Learning
Artificial Intelligence
 2022         Coding Ninjas          Excellence in  C++
 2022         Hacker Rank            Python
 2022         Microsoft                  AI Engineering
 2020         Google                     Operating System - Power User, Cloud
 2020         ISRO                        Satellite photogrammetry and its Application
  LinkedIN: chirag26
   Followers: 5000+
  HackerRank: chirag_sv            
   MaxRating: 610 [ master ]
 CodeStudio: Suthar Chirag    
   Max Rating: 3380 [ Champion ]
Bachelor Of Technology with honors
inComputer Science & Engineering
STRENGTH
TRAININGS & COURSES
We make a smart toilet for swachh bharat abhiyaan in TATA Innovers hackathon at NIT
Delhi. We create this project for sustainable cleanness of our public toilet and this 
project is used totally green energy like solar power system. And based on totally 
automatically so with this concept we also save the energy. The speciality of smart 
toilet is it's work without any worker with sustainable technology. We use sensors and 
arduino to automate the toilet. I was the team leader in this project.
We create the online website to provide the platform which is very useful for every 
science student specially computer science and engineering. It is very helpful to give 
useful knowledge about various types of hackathon in national institution. It is also 
provide placement paper and prepared for comparative exam like GATE and NET. 
CODE BLOGGERS - SELECTED FOR ENGINNER'S DAY 
AUTOMATED HYGIENE TOILET - SELECTED IN TOP 10 POSITION 
IN TATA INNOVERSE HACKATHON AT NIT DELHI
  Secured a position in top 10 for TATA Crucible Hackathon 2019 at NIT Delhi. 
  Complete the CCC+ learning programme with A grade which is organized by all     
   India Computer Education (AICE). 
  Successfully cleared ISRO Space Quiz which is organized by ISRO.
  Participation in Ideate for India powered by INTEL.
  Give my best public speech in paper presentation on engineer's day
As a Game developer, I am responsible to make a reskins game with various and latest
web technologies for frontend and back-end like HTML, CSS, Javascript, Typescript, 
NodeJS etc. During this period I create a many reskins game for 888 client like 
Dr.Jackpot and Mr. wild , chilli con carnival, lepricon rainbow, victory vixens etc.
working with various game technology. help to game developers to develop many 
casino games for foreign clients.
Made over 800 insertions and 150 deletions to 4 central Firmware repositories in 
less than 3 months. Participated in more than 4 projects per year from initial 
research and conceptual design through testing and implementation phases.
DRC Systems India Limited | Software Engineer
HCL Engineering and R&D services | Software Engineer
July 2022 - Present | Gift City, Gandhinagar, India
Working on Python Rest APIs, Django Frameworks. Working on Goverment 
education project - National Skill Development Corporation. made some amzing 
Educational web site with OpenEdx and Django Framework. 
Ingenuity Gaming Pvt Ltd  | Game Developer 

 
 
Contact
mohit.khanna2008@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/mohit-
khanna-8079a885 (LinkedIn)
mohit2008.github.io/ (Portfolio)
topmate.io/mkhanna (Personal)
mentorcruise.com/mentor/
mohitkhanna/ (Personal)
Top Skills
Machine Learning
Computer Vision
Software Engineering
Languages
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Convolutional Neural Networks in
TensorFlow
Feature Engineering for Machine
Learning
Graph Analytics for Big Data
Natural Language Processing in
TensorFlow
Data Scientist With R Track
Mohit Khanna
Data Scientist @ Google | Machine Learning | Deep Learning |
1x AWS 3x GCP | connect @ topmate.io/mkhanna | mentor @
mentors.to/mohitkhanna
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Summary
Find me on Preplaced: https://visit.preplaced.in/2r4
Book a one on one session with me @ https://topmate.io/mkhanna
Want a mentor who can accelerate your transition into Data science
field or help you target for roles at FAANG companies then do enrol
for my mentorship program @ https://mentorcruise.com/mentor/
mohitkhanna/
‍ I am a Data Science, Machine Learning & Deep Learning
Practitioner with a demonstrated experience in building real world
data products. 
‍ I am currently working as a Data Scientist in the Google Maps org
supporting the Information quality team by auto-moderating user
generated content via counter abusive machine learning models
to protect our surface from any form of abuse and vandalism and
ensure publication of highest data quality on Maps. I also contribute
to the model sustainability efforts which allows Google to run and
operate Machine Learning models at scale and prevent them from
becoming stale.
Some of my previous work includes building an :
1. AI model for faster drug discovery via an automated AI workflow
2. Improving the quality of photon imaging using self supervised
image denoising with no access to ground truth.
3. Cell Detection for automatic localisation and classification of nuclei
and microtubules in microscopic images.
SkillSet
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Cloud Computing:
-- AWS Certified Solution Architect
-- GCP Certified Data Engineer
-- GCP Certified Cloud Engineer
-- GCP Certified Cloud Developer
Data Engineering:
-- Exploratory Data Analysis
-- Data Cleaning
-- Data Preprocessing
-- Feature Engineering
-- Data Modelling
-- Data Visualisation
-- Data Mining
-- ETL
Statistics:
-- Descriptive
-- Inferential
-- Predictive
-- Prescriptive 
-- Bayesian
Experimentation:
-- Frequentist Approach 
-- Bayesian Approach (Multi Armed Bandit, Epsilon Greedy)
Database:
-- No SQL
-- SQL
Programming Language:
-- Python
-- Java
-- SQL
-- R
Modelling Techniques:
-- Statistical Modelling Testing
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
-- Machine Learning (Supervised, Unsupervised, Self-supervised,
Semi-Supervised)
-- Deep Learning
Visualisation Tools:
-- Matplotlib
-- Tableau
-- D3
Big Data frameworks:
-- Spark
-- Hadoop
-- Hive
-- Hbase
-- Map Reduce
Data science libraries:
-- Pandas
-- Numpy
-- Matplotlib
-- Seaborn
-- Scikit-learn
-- Tensorflow
-- Keras
-- Scipy
-- NLTK
-- Gensim
Devops tools:
-- Docker
-- Git
-- Chef
Experience
Google
Data Scientist
June 2021 - Present (2 years 2 months)
Bangalore Urban, Karnataka, India
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
I am currently working as a Data Scientist in the Google Maps org supporting
the Information quality team by auto-moderating user generated content via
counter abusive machine learning models to protect our surface from any
form of abuse and vandalism and ensure publication of highest data quality on
Maps. I also contribute to the model sustainability efforts which allows Google
to run and operate Machine Learning models at scale and prevent them from
becoming stale.
MentorCruise
Data Science Mentor (mentors.to/mohitkhanna)
December 2021 - Present (1 year 8 months)
Bangalore Urban, Karnataka, India
I mentor folks where I help them with learning and executing data science
projects, build a career in data science, build data products, create ETL
pipelines, build dashboards, interpret, deploy, maintain ML models in
production. In addition to my monthly mentorship, i also offer one-off sessions
for 1:1 calls, interview preparation, resume feedback.
LatentView Analytics
2 years 5 months
Assistant Manager@Data Science
September 2020 - June 2021 (10 months)
Bangalore Urban, Karnataka, India
Data Scientist
February 2019 - September 2020 (1 year 8 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Springboard
Data Science, AI &ML Mentor
July 2019 - May 2020 (11 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
I mentored data science aspirants and enthusiasts across 2 offered tracks:
Data Science career track and AI/ML career track.
Udacity
Independent Consultant for Machine Learning, NLP, Business
Analytics, Data Analyst 
March 2019 - May 2020 (1 year 3 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
As a consultant to educational platforms , such as Udacity, I utilize my
specialised knowledge in the field of Machine Learning and my strong
communication skills to provide project reviews and other student support
services.
Infosys
3 years 2 months
Technology Analyst(Data Science) at the Center Of Exellence
October 2018 - January 2019 (4 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Senior System Engineer at the Center of Excellence at Infosys
May 2017 - October 2018 (1 year 6 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
System Engineer
December 2015 - May 2017 (1 year 6 months)
I am working as a DevOps programmer to devlop some cool technologies like
the Entitlement Server for Apple, Location-Based-Services for T-Mobile.The
domain of technologies used is quite vast and almost every tool we use is
Open-Source
Education
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
Masters of Computer Science in Data Science, Computer
Science · (2017 - 2019)
Udacity
Nanodegree, Deep Learning  · (2018 - 2018)
Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Technical University
Bachelor of Technology (BTech), Computer Engineering · (2011 - 2015)
Seth anandram jaipuria
High school, Science · (1999 - 2011)
 
Page 5 of 5

Work Experience 
Education History
Food and beverage service throughout the event
including corporate, weddings and private functions
Meets with managers and wait staff daily or
regularly to learn about menu changes and specials
as well as discuss upcoming reservations and
customers with special needs
Room set up
Brought forth a high level of customer service at all
times.
Working with famous football clubs and important
people in business 
Waitress and Event Running person
Southampton Harbour Hotel and Spa 5 star,
Southampton's only 5-star hotel. With 100 luxury rooms,
and an award-winning restaurant.
September 2021 to present 
successfully organised events for students
creating PR plans for new artists
Social media knowledge and skills 
Bachelor of Arts in Music Business 
Institution: Solent Southampton University
Year of Graduation: 2023
A creative 3rd year Music Business student. Capable of
working under pressure and delivering quality projects.
Open and transparent communicator.
JULIA MISZCZYK
Relevant Skills
Knowledge of MS Office
Ability to Work Under
Pressure
Podcast creator
Social Media management
Communication skills
Active learning
Music Businnes knowledge
Guitar and ukulele skill 
Workshops and
Interests
Workshops in Communion
Music, learned how to work
during live events 
Member of music club in
High School
Email: jmiszczyk7@gmail.com
Contact number: 07747408690
LinkedIn Profile: 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/juli
a-miszczyk-48aa3a1b6/
Languages 
English 
Polish 

 
Page 1 of 2 
 
 
Entrepreneur: Writing Blog/Website Content to Provide 
Creative Work 
Jawwad Hussain 
Kamalia, 36350 
Contact number: +92-306-6882510 
Email address: Jawwadh47@gmail.com  
I am Content Writer with 5 years of experience, and I am seeking for new opportunities 
in the respective field. I am an insightful and creative professional. First, I wrote creative 
content for academic, blog and website in 2018. Additionally, I managed to create 
different types of content (including articles, critical writings, blog posts, website posts, 
etc.) in 2019. Finally, I presented my creative thinking and abilities to other professionals 
as Freelancer in 2020. I am skilled in Creative Thinking, Creative Writing, Composing 
Website Content, and English (advanced).  I have exceptional outlining, writing and 
editing expertise with the ability to produce, proofread, analyze and edit content, and 
develop quality material. 
Academic Education 
 Master of Arts in English Literature, Government College University, Faisalabad 
(October 2017- September 2019). 
 Bachelor of Arts in Education, Virtual University of Pakistan, Kamalia Campus 
(October 2019 - April 2020). 
 Bachelor of Arts and Humanities, University of the Punjab, Lahore  
(April 2013 - August 2015). 
 
Skills Qualifications 
 Certified in Academic English: Writing Specialization from University of California, 
Irvine in March 2023, URL for Verification: 
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/specialization/certificate/ESD
BMDCFDQEK  
 Certified in Build Your Professional e-Portfolio in English from Georgia Institute of 
Technology in February 2023, URL for Verification: 
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/JMFZL5DKSQBB  
 Certified in English Composition-I from Duke University in February 2023, URL for 
Verification: 
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/WPH2P87VFPRR    
 Certified in The Strategy of Content Marketing from University of California, DAVIS 
in March 2023, URL for Verification: 
 
Page 2 of 2 
 
 
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/AWY52LJTHWFF    
 Certified in Write Your First Novel from Michigan State University in March 2023, 
URL for Verification: 
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/7WXF6EAXMKG8  
 
Working Experience 
 Soft Heart Foundation 
Senior Content Writer (3 years) 
- 
Wrote official documents (including emails, feedforward, feedback, posters' 
content) 
- 
Increased awareness in the public  
 Self-Employed 
Freelance Content Writer (5 years) 
- 
Researched and wrote blog posts, web content, and articles on a wide range of 
subjects according to specific client requirements 
- 
Edited and Proofread various documents of local and international clients 
- 
Wrote eBooks for self-publishing on Amazon Kindle direct publishing  
My Publications 
 Creative Intelligence for Students (2021) 
 Write Your Own Portfolio (2022) 
 The Art of Writing Short Stories (2022) 
 Academic Reading and Writing (2023) 
(All my eBooks are published on Amazon Kindle) 
My Interests 
 I am addicted to learn digital skills in my holidays.  
 
 
 
 
 
Note: References will be furnished on demand.  

Video Editor 
AJAY 
KHANDEKAR 
Mobile: +91-7387659563 
Email: 
ajaykhandekar5914@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: 
linkedin.com/ajaykhandekar 
Address: MHB Colony, Borivali 
West 
Mumbai. 
 
Summary 
 
Video editor with 1 years of experience, skilled in Adobe Premiere Pro .Video finalized 1 hour of finished video 
per week. Received Positive comments on my work from clients 
 
Skills 
 
 
Premiere Pro, After Effect, Diamond. 
 
Work Experience 
 
Video Editor 
Prime Focus Technology - July 2022 - Present  
  
Receiving a brief, and maybe an outline of footage and/or a shot list, script, or screenplay. 
  
Assembling all raw footage, with camera shots either recorded or transferred onto video tape in 
preparation for inputting into the computer 
  
inputting uncut rushes and sound, and synchronizing and storing them into files on the computer 
  
Management of all proxy files sent out of house for subtitling and dubbing. 
  
Creating a 'rough cut' (or assembly edit) of the programmed/film and determining the exact 
cutting for the next and final stages.  
 
 
Video Editor 
S S Multimedia  Oct 2021 - July 2022 
  
As Member of video editor in a team of four, turned 12+ hours of raw footage into 1 hour of 
Finished. Video Edit for Weeding project, Events, Corporate Videos, Short Films, YT Videos 
 
 
 
Education 
 
 
  
  Diploma in Textile Engg. 
  
  MSBTE University  
 
Personal Details 
 
 
  
  Father Name- Rajaram Khandekar 
  
  Current Address- MHB Colony, Borivali West, Mumbai-400091 
  
  Language Known- English, Marathi , Hindi 
  
  Date Of Birth- 21 Oct 1995 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     Place- Mumbai 
     Ajay Khandekar 
 

Suraj Prakash
Kondapur, Hyderabad, Telangana 500084
 +91 7488181685
 surajprakash.goodwill@gmail.com
 Linked-In
 GitHub: suraj prakash repo.....
Education
Guru Gobind Singh Educational Society's Technical Campus
Sep. 2017 - Oct 2021
B.Tech in Electrical And Electronics Engineering
Chas, Jharkhand
D.A.V Public School
Sep. 2015 - May 2017
10th , 12th
Bokaro Steel City, Jharkhand
Relevant Coursework
  Data Structures
  SQL
  Algorithms Analysis
  Database Management
  OS And Networking
  Unix And Git
  Analog And Digital
  Auto CAD Electrical
Projects
∗ − − > Employee Management System | Core Java (Swing and AWT), MySQL, JDBC
Major  Link
  Employee Management System Java Project allows us to manage all employee information in a database where you can
check and update and view employee details and can delete them in case an employee leaves the company.
  For a further and deeper understanding, I even referred to some articles, creators, websites and blogs.
  Technologies Used: Core Java, net beans, concepts of swings and applets
  Database Used: MySQL
∗ − − > Quiz-Application | Java, Desktop Based Application
Minor-1  Link
  It is a Desktop Based Application with the help of Java Swing, core Java and Abstract Window Tool-kit.
  UI and frame is built with the help of swing and awt, Core Java concept used like OOPs, method overloading,
overriding, Inheritance, Abstract Class, Graphics Class etc.
  Here 4 class I made respective to its frame i.e login, Rules, Quiz Interface with ongoing graphics class timer with lifeline
and Scoreboard frame at last to show the result.
∗ − − > Private-Messenger | Java, Apache Netbeans, Socket Programming, Multicasting
Minor-2  Link
  It is a simple chat application between a server and a client. The application is a desktop-based application and is
implemented using Swing and AWT. The project is developed in Java SE language and executed on a single stand-alone
java across a network using the Loopback address concept.
  It is a Desktop Based chatting application with the help of Java Swing to make the frame, Socket programming to
transfer messages from server and Client.
  I tried to make frame, looks, working similar to whatsApp chatting window.
Workshops/Projects(Electrical)
UAV(Hexacopter DRONE) | Multi-Rotor,APM 2.8 flight Controller, autopilot Software
GD : Link
  Weight-3.5kg, Rotor-8, Endurance-25min, Payload-2kg.
  Sensors: Gyroscopes, Magnetometers, Accelerometer, GPS, Barometer Pressure Sensor, Compass, Lidar
  Tasks with limited budgets, time and large area coverage with hard-to-reach places having difficult terrains can be
counter easily with UN-Manned Aerial Vehicles remote access control and safety of a pilot onboard.
AUTO CAD ELECTRICAL | Indo Danish Tool Room(MSME), Jamshedpur
Certificate : Link
  Electrical computer-aided design (ECAD) software systems are used to design and develop electronic systems such as
printed circuit boards (PCBs) and integrated circuits (ICs).
  ECAD software enables electrical engineers to create as well as modify diagrams and layouts including 2D and 3D
models.
Technical Skills
Languages: Java, HTML/CSS, SQL, Matlab.
Developer Tools: Apache Netbeans, Atom, BootStrap, Eclipse, Azure.
Technologies/Frameworks: Linux, GitHub, Bitbucket, WordPress.

SHUBHAM
KADAM
SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGER.
If I was a movie that you were to watch then
consider this as a trailer, I really like to work
smart and I consider myself as a creative
person. And in this century nothing is better
than social media to show that. I am currently
running a Food&Travel page of my own on
Instagram (jashnn_e_zindagii) which was
founded in April 2022. And if I'd like to
conclude that, I can say, 'I like to live it out'
WORK EXPERIENCE
Developed and implemented a
comprehensive marketing strategy that
increased brand awareness by 25% and
customer engagement by 30%
Managed ORM and generated leads and
forwarded it to sales team and hence
increased the overall sales.
Planned and executed successful
campaigns across various channels,
including social media, email marketing,
and events.
Big Bang Social 
October 2022- January 2023
Assisted in the development of decks
for creative brand campaigns.
Conducted research for reel ideas
and communicated with influencers.
Managed social media accounts and
created engaging content to
promote the client's brand.
ALYF 
February 2023 - March 2023
Social Media Manager 
Branded Content Intern
EDUCATION
Bachelor's Degree in Mass Media
Bharatiya Vidya Bhavans | 2019 - 2021
LANGUAGE
English.
Marathi
Hindi
Mumbai 
@jashnn_e_zindagii 
kadamshubham696@gmail.com 
9096300986
Digital creator
Jashnn_e_zindagii 
April 2022 - present
I have an Instagram page
(@jashnn_e_zindagii). It's basically an
A~Z content hub where I create content,
edit videos, and manage the overall
account! Basically it's a food, fashion,
lifestyle and daily vlog page. Apart from
this I also use my page as a platform to
create social awareness about the
ongoing situations in my vicinity.
SKILLS
Strategic thinking
Creative problem-solving
Market research
Campaign planning
Social media management
Data analysis
Project management
Leadership
Team management
Budget management
Communication
Collaboration
Time management
CERTIFICATIONS
Digital Marketing Course- Udemy
Social Media Marketing Internship- Career Intuition
Customer Care Advisor 
Teleperformance Global pvt ltd |
February 2022 - June 2022
Worked as a Customer Support Associate on
behalf of TATA CLIQ, luxury department. I
looked after customer's queries and provide
them resolution which they are satisfied with.
 We made sure that the customer is never
unsatisfied with the brand and we kept the
trust of the customer intact.
 The job helped me with excellent proficiency
on my communication part and it gave me a
very beautiful insight of the customer support
work.

Phone
+91 63 5100 4500
Email
suuumitlohar@gmail.com
Location
New Sama Road, Vadodara
Gujarat - 390024
Audition
After Eﬀects
Premiere Pro
Illustrator
Photoshop
EXPERTISE
EDUCATION
PROFESSIONAL
PROGRAMMING 
IN VISUAL EFFECTS
ZICA (Zee Institute of Creative Arts)
2016 - 2018
BACHELOR OF COMPUTER
APPLICATIONS
Jaipur National University
2020 - Present
Travel
Music
Filming
Photography
INTERESTS
PERSONAL DETAILS
Marital Status
Nationality
Known Languages
Certiﬁcate of Completion
- Indian
- Single
- Hindi, English, Gujarati
- video editing in premiere pro course by Udemy
ACHIVEMENTS
WORK EXPERIENCE
Present
Video Editor & Graphics Designer
3D Edtech Pvt. Ltd.
Windowmaker Software
Video creator and editor for digital marketing campaigns, 
tutorials, social media posts and the likes.
2019 - 2021
Video Editor
Worked in the marketing team to record, edit and create 
product-related videos, software demo videos, and company 
proﬁle videos.
PROFILE
An experienced Video Editor with a demonstrated history of 
working in the Production houses and computer software industry. 
Skilled in Film shooting, Editing, Color Grading-Correction, and 
Visual Effects. A patient individual and a highly passionate 
ﬁlmmaker who can work on collaborative and individual projects.
Sumit Lohar
F I L M  E D I T O R
F I L M  E D I T O R

N/A
N/A
Gorav Sharma
India
sgorav330@gmail.com
+91-9682107690
in/gorav-sharma-52986a192
EXPERIENCE
DevOps Engineer | Spyne | Gurgaon, Haryana | April 2023 - Present
  Managed AWS infrastructure and EC2 instances, including creating and configuring virtual machines, monitoring resource usage, and troubleshooting issues. 
  Utilized Terraform to automate the deployment and management of infrastructure resources, including EC2 instances, security groups, load balancers, and 
more.
  Configured and managed Pritunl VPN connections for secure remote access, providing users with secure access to company resources from remote locations. 
  Maintained and monitored Terraform state files to ensure consistency and accuracy of infrastructure resources.
AWS DevOps Intern | Mactores | Bellevue, Washington | December 2022 - March 2023
  Preparing for AWS Solutions Architect Associate Exam through materials provided by the company.
  Completing daily tasks and activities and attending standup calls every day. 
DevOps Intern | PearlThoughts IT Consulting and Services | Thoothukudi, Tamil Nadu | October 2022 - November 2022
  Setting up snipe IT on a local machine with Docker, AWS, GitPod and Kubernetes approach. 
  Creating dumps, asset management system in Snipe IT. 
  Implement Github Actions for software deployment workflow. 
Cloud Intern | Kainskep Solutions | Jaipur, Rajasthan | April 2022 - September 2022
  Implementing practices in Microsoft Azure and managing app deployments in Azure app service.  
  Selecting and deploying appropriate CI/CD Tools. 
  Implement automation tools like Docker, Jenkins, Kubernetes, and Argo CD for deployments. 
PROJECTS
Text Translator Web App
  Translate text into multiple languages using Artificial Intelligence and Azure Cloud Cognitive Services. 
  Flask Framework(Python) for the front end and Azure Cognitive services for the Backend. 
Smart Garbage Segregation and Management System using IoT
  The two bins are used to store dry and wet waste respectively. 
  The program is coded in Embedded C.
  With the help of Servo motors, the wastes are moved into their respective bins with IR sensors. 
House Price Prediction(ML project)
  Predict the price of a house based on feature variables like Area, Parking, Bedrooms, etc. 
  Uses Linear Regression to train the model. 
  Evaluate the linear regression model by calculating the parameters such as coefficient of determination, MAE, MSE, RMSE, and mean of residuals, and by 
checking for homoscedasticity.
EDUCATION
B.Tech in Electronics and Communication Engineering | Shri Mata Vaishno Devi University (SMVDU) Katra | Katra,Jammu and 
Kashmir | 2023 | 8.07
Higher Secondary (12th) | DS Heritage Scholars School  | Kathua,Jammu and Kashmir | 2019 | 84.4
SKILLS
Programming Languages:- Python, C/C++, MATLAB, HTML.
Tools/Platform:- Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible, Terraform.
Cloud Services:- Microsoft Azure, GCP, Amazon Web Services(AWS).
Development:- CI/CD, Linux, GIT, Jenkins, Code Pipelines.
CERTIFICATIONS
Microsoft Azure Certified Fundamentals - AZ 900. | 2022
Microsoft Certified Azure AI Fundamentals - AI 900. | 2022
Microsoft Certified Security , Compliance and Identity Fundamentals - SC 900. | 2022
Data Science & Data Analytics Nasscom Assessment Clearance | Nasscom

Sarah-Myriam Bayebane 
 07938731477 /   sarah_bayebane@hotmail.com  
Efficient and ambitious individual, who recently graduated in an English degree from the Jean Jaures 
University (LLCE France) and University of Birmingham (Erasmus) with analytical aptitude and creative 
problem solving skills. 
EDUCATION 
UNIVERSITY OF BIRMINGHAM  
  
English Literature and civilisation degree 
  
Erasmus exchange Year 3  
UNIVERSITE JEAN JAURES, TOULOUSE, FRANCE 
  
LLCE Language, literature, civilization English degree.  
  
 Modules: English and American literature/civilization. - Translation (French/English) - 
Linguistic/phonology -African studies -Cinema and film analysis.  
  
Comprehensive understanding of linguistics, grammar, writing, and literary analysis,  critical 
and synthetic thinking  Imaginative problem-solving  information literacy and research 
skills. 
EMPLOYMENT AND WORK EXPERIENCE 
OFF TO WORK AGENCY  
Waitress, barista, hostess, team leader/ Barista at Farnborough Air show 2022 / Team leading and 
managing at wedding events 
  
Excellent attention to detail and interpersonal skills  
  
Strong leadership and problem solving 
  
Ability to multitask in a dynamic and fast-paced environment  
  
Bilingual customer service (French/English) 
JAVA ROASTERY  
Barista  
  
Familiarity with latte art and coffee brewing equipment and techniques  
  
Provided excellent customer service by engaging with customers 
  
Dedication to deliver first class customer service. 
DAMASCENA RESTAURANT AND COFFEE HOUSE 
Barista, server, front of house.  
  
Versatile and conscientious aptitude as well as eye for upselling 
  
Managing bookings, phone and customers inquiries 
  
Maintained a supportive work environment, fostering teamwork and collaboration 
DAY CARE CENTRE TOULOUSE FRANCE 
Internship youth worker 
  
Developed a flexible approach to take care and entertain children 
  
Ability to collaborate and build relationships across departments and teams   
  
Broad understanding and knowledge of education 
VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE 
ORPHANAGE FOUNDATION Rita Zniber  
  
Internship position: trainee - great experience in a social and caring environment.  
SPECIFIC SKILLS 
  
Microsoft office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Publisher  
  
C2i certificate 
  
Creative platform: Canva, Instagram, Tik Tok  
  
Native French speaker/ Fluent English speaker/ Basic notion in Spanish / Some notion in 
Arabic 
INTEREST AND INVESMENT 
  
Member of the high school reading club Lycée Paul Valery 
  
Member of Solidarity club Paul Valery Highschool 
  
Avid reader, traveller, engaged in sports 
  
Cultural experience: lived in 3 different countries  
 
 
 
 
 

 
  
  
Pendli Naga Pooja  
DEVELOPER, FRONT END  
CURRENTLY WORKING  
+91 8498082259 | nagapooja.pendli@gmail.com |Guntur, Andhra Pradesh  
 
   PROFILE SUMMARY  
  
Passionate Front End Developer with more than 1+ years of software development experience. Worked 
on successful projects for Cainz Store companies like Find in Cainz (FIC/MPOS), Core Systems-AWS. 
  
 Hands-on experience in Front end Development with efficiency in Requirement Gathering, 
Documentation, Development, Testing and Production support.  
  
Motivated, punctual and open-minded, adapts easily to various environments. 
  
Ability to perform as an individual as well as in team by sharing knowledge and skills.  
  
Proficient in interpersonal skills including planning and execution to ensure smooth delivery throughout 
the entire sprint.  
  
Good experience of working in Agile DevOps methodology.  
  
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  
  
Organization: Tata Consultancy Services   
  
   TECHNICAL SKILLS  
  
1. JavaScript Frameworks(Vue Js, Angular) 
2. HTML, CSS 
3. Core Java, Java 8  
4. Database MySQL 
5. Agile development 
 
  
   Project  Experience  
  
 Project #1: Find In Cainz (FIC/MPOS)   
  
Organization : TCS Client: CAINZ 
       
Java8, GitHub, Agile.  
  
Description: The purpose of this project is to serve merchandising department (CAINZ Stores) to provide 
User Interface application functionalities.  
 
 
 
 
 
Designation: Assistant System Engineer
Environment & Tools : JavaScript Framework- Angular, HTML, CSS, Ionic, MySQL,
6.   GitHub
7.   AWS, Python - Basics
Experience: 1.10 Years (March 2021 to Till Date)
, PostGre
Roles and Responsibilities:   
  Developed User Interface Applications functionalism. 
  Worked as Front-End developer and designing applications as per the user free perspective. 
  Handled Zero Defect Delivery without any quality issues. 
  Pro- Active in fixing production issues. 
  Increased Client Satisfaction as it resulted in good design view and user free interface. 
  Involved in code modifications as per Changes Requests received. 
  Involved in Unit Testing support. 
  Prepared documents like Business Requirement Document, Solution Design Document, Process Flow 
Structure, etc. 
  Significant completion of tasks before the deadline. 
  Experienced in all stages like Requirement gathering, Documentation, Development, Unit testing and 
Deployment. 
  Participated in Daily Scrum meetings to monitor the progress, resolve issues and provide quick fixes. 
  Maintained Good Communication in team and Support Team. 
  
 Project #2: CORE SYSTEMS  (Development and Migration)  
  
Organization: TCS  
Client: CAINZ 
Environment & Tools: JavaScript Framework (VUE-JS), Python, AWS, Agile. 
  
Description: The purpose of this project is to serve merchandising department (CAINZ Stores) to provide 
User Interface application functionalities. 
 
Roles and Responsibilities:  
  Designing the screen layouts and functionalities as per User interface. 
  Developed user interface functionality applications. 
  Experience in developing code for designing screens in Vue-js. 
  Experience in writing jest utils test cases in Vue-js. 
  Worked in Implementing Axios Integration in Front-end. 
  Responsible for Handling all negative scenarios. 
  Involved in Requirement analysis and feasibility check. 
  Supporting Team in all activities to enhance best performance. 
 
   
 
  
Problem Solving Skills- This skill helped me to determine the source of a problem and effective solution.  
  
Time Management- It helps me to plan and organize activities in order to enhance performance.  
  
Team Work - It is one of the Sought-after skills in the workspace and helps me for academic and 
professional success.  
  
Resourcefulness- It helps me to find best and clever ways to overcome difficult situations.  
  
Adaptability - It helps me to able to adjust to new conditions.  
 
   WAYS OF WORKING  
  
Adopted Secure Software Development Life Cycle model for the Projects.  
  
Daily Scrum calls for monitoring progress, expediting Backlog items and resolving Blockers.  
 
 
   
            
My SuperPowers
ACHIEVEMENTS
  
Secured Best Team Award from CAINZ account Onsite for successfully completing transition and 
delivering more than estimated User stories on time and also has provided value adds which delighted 
the customer. 
  
Received Appreciation Note from One Team CAINZ for the Best Performance in the Team. 
  
Trained the resources in Front-End Technologies 
  
Gave KT sessions and Code Work Through Sessions for freshers in Team. 
   
    PERSONAL DETAILS 
  
  
Address: Plot No 411, Green Towers Apartments, Guntur-522 426. 
  
Academic details:  
1. B.Tech, VR Siddhartha Engineering College (2016-2020). 
 
Date of birth: 15-Aug-1999

http://linkedin.com/in/haydar-
dbouk-66574a22a
Haydar Reem 
Dbouk
Contact
Projects
I live each day with a set goal of doing at 
least one good deed a day. Big or small, an 
act of kindness is impactful, costs nothing, 
and is a step closer to change. I'm at my 
best and thrive the most when I am 
contributing to someone else's growth, and 
their mental and physical prosperity. Being 
in a position where I can help others is a 
constant blessing I am grateful for, and a 
blessing to put to use.
Find out more here
Helena Lodge, Augusta Walk,
W5 2TB, London, United Kingdom
With the aim of marketing to attract the viewers, I composed 
this poster, taking into account some of the most essential 
hooks, understanding the purpose of each and applying 
them to ensure the distribution of my imagined film.
2019
Allure
Brunel University |
Find out more here
Where serendipity took a forlorn void and filled it up with 
love, allowing her to flourish and grow with her newborn, her 
prized possession. Still I Rise is a 15-minute documentary 
about Faten, a Muslim woman of color and an immigrant 
who migrated to the UK in search of a better life.
2021
Still I Rise
Brunel University |
2019 - Present
Sales Assistant
Tk Maxx |
2018 - 2019
Sales Assistant
Next Plc |
07849981914   
https://haydardbouk.wixsite.com/
movement
Haydar_dbouk@outlook.com
Softwares: Adobe Premiere Pro, Reaper Audio Software, 
FL Studio
Languages & Skills
Achievements
Work Experience
Education
Bachelors in Film Production
Brunel University
Second Class 2:1
October 2020 - December 2021
A levels
Bentley Wood Sixth Form
2016-2018
Anthropology   B
Arabic   B
Art   B
Philosophy   C
Languages: Fluent in English and Arabic
Completed Grade 5 in Piano
Completed Academy of Cheese Level One Associate course
Completed BLOM Beirut Charity Marathon Youth race in 
2011 and 2012 

 
SYEDA HIRA SAFDAR 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Marketing Intern, 
RenewRisk, UK 
 
 
 
  
Present 
 
 
PROFILE 
A hardworking and self motivated professional, 
having multicultural work experience in marketing 
and admin roles. Currently pursuing Masters in 
Digital marketing and passionate about learning 
new skills. Seeking for an opportunity to work in 
digital marketing position. 
 
Phone 
07436595983 
Email 
hira_naqvi1@hotmail.com 
Address 
B17 8DT, Birmingham, UK 
Performing market analysis and research on the latest 
trends. 
Finding business development and digital marketing 
opportunities. 
Finding Investors and sending pitch decks via email. 
Creating investor data base on excel. 
Office Administrator, 
Al Wazan Group, UAE 
03/2018-09/2018 
Create and update personnel and financial records on 
MS Excel. 
Organize and schedule meetings, agendas and 
appointments as advised. 
Client support over phone, emails and fax. 
Applied advanced administrative and analytical skills 
to manage daily operational activities 
Kept record of office supplies and equipment use to 
budget and order new supplies. 
 
QUALIFICATION 
Facilities Administrator, 
Morganti Group. Inc, UAE 
 
03/2017 -06 2017   
 
Msc Digital Marketing 
Northumbria University, 
London,UK 
Bachelor of Business 
Administration 
Bahria University, Karachi, 
Pakistan 
 
Jan 2023 
Organized and scheduled facilities management services 
for Saadiyat beach villas. 
Managing and updating the daily work flow on Maximo. 
Preparing and renewing annual maintenance contracts for 
the villa owners. 
Schedule the PPM and other maintenance services on daily 
basis. 
Prepared action plans to establish procedures for 
emergency situations. 
Assisted manager in material procurement and sending 
quotations to clients. 
SKILLS 
Assistant Business Dev. Manager, 
MS Global Inc. Pakistan 
 
08/2015 -09/2017 
MS Word 
MS Excel 
Presentation Design 
Office Administration 
Infographic Design 
Canva 
Campaign Design 
Google Analytics 
Semrush Tools 
Websand 
LANGUAGE 
English 
Urdu 
Planning and implementing sales and marketing strategies. 
Actively marketing and promoting the business through variety of 
platforms. 
Identifying new markets and  business opportunities. 
Managing sales pipeline, preparing and sending contracts to the clients. 
Constant Evaluation, training and development of team. 
Working closely with software and marketing teams. 
Marketing research Intern, 
Lotte Chemicals ltd, Pakistan 
02/2014 -07/2014 
Brief Market Research for  a  new  product. 
Local and International Vendor Research 
Verbal/ Nonverbal communications with local/ 
International vendors. 
Preparing weekly research reports. 
Extra Curricular Activities 
Worked as an active member of Bahria Society of Professional 
Communication (BSPC). 
Organized a retail exhibition “Karachi Fiesta” at Bahadurabad club, 
Karachi. 
Launched a retail business named “Danzzeh's” at Karachi fiesta, held at 
Bahadurabad club, Karachi. 
Organized and volunteered several events at the university 

Prajakta Patil
Java Developer
Languages
  Marathi     English        
Certificate
My Contact
Personal Skills
About Me
Project Work
Education Background
prajaktapatil0327@gmail.com
7558618896
Mumbai, Navi- Mumbai, Uran 
youtube.com/@p3creation277
REAL TIME LOCATION :
Location - based app. that is used to see location,
Direction & Weather data 
Features: Location Info | Compass | Weather
Driving Route | Share Location | map view
Areas of Responsibility :
 Developed Location fetching features (Lat , long
,country , city)
 Integrated a weather with better design
Integrated a Digital Compass to see The
direction
Developed search location, share location, save
location, features with good UI.
To Work on challenging job profile which provide an 
opportunity to enhance my technical skills and 
knowledge.
I would like to turn out to be software professional 
where, I can work as a team member and to secure a
position where I can efficiently contribute my skills and 
abilities to the growth of the organization and make 
my professional career.
|
 High School (SSC)                                                                         83%63 
 June 2016 -Aug 2017 
Mumbai University - Maharashtra State Board 
Secondary High School (HSC)                                               56%15
June 2017 - Aug 2019
 Mumbai University - CBSC Board
 Diploma In Computer Technology                                   80%60
June 2019 - Aug 2021 
Maharashtra State Board Of Technical Education -
Mumbai
Java 
Common operating systems 
Software proficiency 
Networking
Android
Computer Security
MS - Office / Basic/Advanced
Observation
 Decision making 
Communication
 Multi-tasking
 Self- Motivated 
Time Management
quickly involved
Tech Stack: Android Studio | java | firebase | Google SDK
Hindi
Basic java course - Great Learning 
Basic and Advance java course - LearnVern
Technical  Skills
Skills
Programming language   :  Core
java, Advance java(Basics), C++
Operating System                : Windows
(10),Mac OS 
App- Technology              : Android ,
Android Studio, Different Layouts. java
JSE                                         :  JDBC
Databases                          :   SQL, MySQL
Framework                         : Hibernate
Two month Java course -masai school
Achievement
Second rank in final project  -  Real time Location

Sam Deeven
Devunuri 
Software Developer 
samdeevn@gmail.com 
8985762477 
linkedin.com/in/samdeeven 
github.com/SamDeeven 
stackoverﬂow.com/users/16464754/sam-
deeven 
An ambitious and self-motivated individual with a considerable technical skill in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React JS. Able to play a key role
in Software Development to ensure maximum accessibility, user experience and usability. Ability to learn new software's and
technologies quickly. Capability to work in teams by providing valuable support can communicate clearly and eﬀectively. Looking for a
full time, permanent role. 
PROJECTS 
Movie Listing Application 
Personal Project 
01/2022 - 02/2022,  
Technologies used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React JS. 
Built a movie listing application where users can search movie
name and ﬁnd results. 
Postify 
Internship, 10x Academy 
09/2021 - 10/2021,  
Technologies Used: HTML, CSS , JavaScript, ReactJS, NodeJS,
ExpressJS, MongoDB. 
Built a photo sharing application where users can create, like the
posts. 
EDUCATION 
M.Tech (Post-Graduation) in Machine Design 
JNTU Kakinada, Kakinada 
10/2019 - 10/2022,  
CGPA: 7.26 
Full-Stack Developer Bootcamp 
10x Academy, Hyderabad 
05/2021 - 12/2021,  
B.Tech (Graduation) in Mechanical Engineering 
Pragati Engineering College, Surampalem 
09/2014 - 05/2018,  
Percentage: 70.78 
Class XII 
Vijaya Gayatri Junior College, Kakinada 
06/2012 - 04/2014,  
Percentage: 91.7 
Class X 
Bhashyam Public School, Kakinada 
06/2011 - 04/2012,  
CGPA: 8.8 
KEY SKILLS 
HTML5 
CSS3 
JavaScript 
ES6 
React.js 
Node.js 
API 
JSON 
Python (Programming Language) 
Express.js 
MongoDB 
Git 
React Native 
Bootstrap 
GitHub 
Debugging 
Front-end Development 
Web Development 
C (Programming Language) 
CERTIFICATIONS/AWARDS 
Received First Prize in Paper Presentation
conducted on Engineer's Day 2016 at Pragati
Engineering College, Surampalem 
Completed a course on Python
Programming in the Skill Improvement
Program conducted by APSSDC (Andhra
Pradesh State Development Corporation). 
Achievements 
Achievements 

Akhil Francis 
Software Engineer 
Backend engineer with expertise in TypeScript, Node.js, NestJS, and PostgreSQL. Skilled in building
RESTful APIs and optimizing database performance. Thrives in collaborative environments and always
looking for new challenges. 
akhilfrancis0007@gmail.com 
07559022392 
Thiruvananthapuram, India 
in.linkedin.com/in/akhil-francis-41b215165 
quora.com/proﬁle/Akhil-Francis-4 
github.com/akhilfrancis 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Associate Software Engineer 
Keyvalue Software Systems 
07/2021 - Present,  
Kochi, Kerala. 
A company which focuses on building products from scratch for well
funded startups. 
Designed and implemented an alert system integrated with
Slack, to monitor microservice errors, as an alternative to
Sentry for development and staging instances. 
Developed a cron job using AWS EventBridge and AWS
Lambda to automate daily product publication from
catalogue to SFTP server, enabling easy injection of ads into
Google Ads and Facebook Ads. 
Designed and implemented a secure OTP (One-Time
Password) system with rate limiting for enhanced security. 
Skilled in third-party payment integrations including setting
up webhook infrastructure . 
Experienced in Terraform for infrastructure provisioning,
with a proven track record of utilizing various AWS services. 
Provided front-end support by occasionally working with
ReactJS to supplement team resources. 
Written Unit Tests using Jest, Mocha, Chai 
Skills - Typescript, NodeJs, NestJs, PostgreSQL, AWS ( SQS,
SNS, RDS, S3, Cloudwatch, Lambda, EC2, CodePipeline ) ,
Docker, Redis, Git . 
EDUCATION 
Bachelor Of Technology 
College Of Engineering Trivandrum 
08/2017 - 06/2021,  
8.33 
Data Structures and
Algorithms 
Database Management
Systems 
Distributed Systems 
Object Oriented
Programming ( OOP ) 
Operating Systems 
SKILLS 
Typescript 
C++ 
NodeJS 
NestJS 
PostgreSQL 
ReactJS 
AWS 
Microservices 
Distributed Systems 
REST API 
ACHIEVEMENTS 
HackerRank HackFest 2020 
https://www.hackerrank.com/akhilfrancis 
Won a silver medal badge (Top 8%) in HackerRank
HackFest (2020) 
PERSONAL PROJECTS 
Music Playlist Recommender using Genre Classiﬁcation
and Audio Tagging (08/2020 - 09/2020) 
Designed a Recommender System which recommends a music
playlist when a user inputs a music which a person likes . The
recommendation system analyses the given music input and
outputs similar music back to the user . 
Skills Used - Python ,Librosa,PyAudio ,Scikit-Learn, Pandas, Numpy,
Flask , MySQL 
Diabetes Prediction Web App (07/2020 - 08/2020) 
Built using Python,Flask ,Scikit-Learn 
Deployed - https://diabetes-prediction-web-app.herokuapp.com/ 
CERTIFICATES 
Problem Solving ( Hackerrank ) (09/2020) 
https://www.hackerrank.com/certiﬁcates/e1f326fc2fb4 
AWS Fundamentals: Going Cloud-Native (2020) 
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/verify/ZY8AG8Y4G
F57 
INTERESTS 
Distributed Systems 
System Design 
Machine Learning 
Web Applications 
Game Development 
Achievements/Tasks 
Courses 

Serena&Hart&
London,&UK&|&+447908581700&|&serenahart@icloud.com&
EXPERIENCE(
DIGITAL(MARKETER|(UBC(RECREATION|(SEP(2021(-(DEC(2022(
  
Worked&with&the&entire&marketing&team&to&design&content&for&the&UBC&Rec&social&media&accounts&
  
Drafted&&reports&on&the&marketing&strategies&and&user&engagement&
  
Wrote&summaries&of&events&for&the&weekly&bulletin&emailed&to&all&on&the&mailing&list&
STUDENT(MARKETEER(|(RED(BULL|(JAN(-(DEC(2022(
  
Raised&awareness&on&UBC&campus&and&around&Vancouver&sampling&over&50,000&consumers 
  
Helped&bring&events&such&as&Red&Bull&Joyride,&Surf&Nationals&and&smaller&events&such&as&Red&Bull&Paper&Wings&
to&life 
  
Facilitated&and&managed&partnerships&with&100+&clubs&at&UBC 
MARKETING(VOLUNTEER(|(VANCOUVER(INTERNATIONAL(FILM(FESTIVAL(|(AUG(-(NOV(2022(
  
Worked&in&a&team&of&four&&filming&and&designing&content&for&the&VIFF&social&media&accounts&and&website&
  
Used&Google&Analytics&to&guide&social&media&content&and&improve&engagement&
  
Went&around&Vancouver&advertising&the&festival&and&promoting&free&screenings&
EDUCATION(
BA(|(JULY(2024(|(UNIVERSITY(OF(BRITISH(COLUMBIA(
  
Course:&International&Relations&with&Italian&
  
Grade:&Dean's&List&(average&over&85%&on&all&courses)&year&1&and&2&
BA(|((2023(|(UNIVERSITÀ(DI(BOLOGNA(
  
Exchange&student&(6&months)&
A(LEVELS(|(JULY(2020(|(NORTH(LONDON(COLLEGIATE(SCHOOL(
  
Grade:&A*A*A*A&
AWARDS(
UNIVERSITY(OF(BRITISH(COLUMBIA(
  
International&Major&Entrance&Scholarship&(renewable&for&4&years)&
  
Outstanding&International&Student&Award&
  
Rosemary&Stewart&and&Ioan&James&Scholarship&
  
Walter&H&Gage&and&Elsie&M&Harvey&Education&Abroad&Scholarship&
  
C.A.&Stuart&DeVitt&Memorial&Scholarship&
NORTH(LONDON(COLLEGIATE(SCHOOL(
  
Mensbier&Prize&for&Modern&Foreign&Languages&
LANGUAGES(
  
English&(native)&
  
French&(advanced)&
  
Italian&(advanced)&
  
German&(intermediate)&
&
SKILLS(
  
Marketing&
  
Digital&Marketing&
  
Social&Media&Management&
  
Communication&
  
Microsoft&Office&
  
Google&Suite&
  
Adobe&Design&&
  
Canva&
  
Google&Analytics&
&
&
&

Dhritiman Nandi 
Manager Analytics 
Astute problem solver with data-driven and technology-
focused approach. Communicates clearly with stakeholders 
and builds consensus around well-founded models. Talented 
in coming up with feasible solutions in a fast paced 
environments. Possess the advantage of vast experience in 
the data domain (both engineering and analytics). 
  
Contact 
Address  
Mumbai, India 
Phone  
7980788266 
E-mail  
talk2dn@yahoo.com 
LinkedIn 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dhritima
n-nandi-622522 
Skills 
 
Machine Learning 
Excellent 
Reinforcement 
Learning 
Very Good 
Deep Learning 
Very Good 
R 
Excellent 
Python 
Excellent 
SQL 
Excellent 
GCP 
Very Good 
AWS 
Very Good 
Shell Scripting 
Excellent 
GIS 
Very Good 
 
 
Work History 
 
2023/02 - 
 
Senior Associate - Analytics 
Dun & Bradstreet, Mumbai 
  
Developing in-house tech solutions as part of country 
insight group. 
  
Developing MDA model for automating scores for variou
entities 
  
Developing model to predict various macro economic 
variables 
  
Developing satellite based solutions to assess economic 
activities 
  
Reduced dependencies on manual run for weekly and 
monthly jobs by automating python scripts 
  
Working on large language model for alert and 
notifications on relevant news articles 
 
  
2021/11 -
2023/02 
  
Manager Analytics 
RPG Enterprises, Mumbai 
Project: HML 
  Decide on algorithms to build models for shoot 
development and pest prediction/detection based on 
weather and GIS data. The model based approach 
estimates yield improvement by 130% 
  Scout different service providers for satellite images and 
weather data to choose one based on cost and services 
offered 
  Requirement gathering and building solutions to tackle 
various problems that plague the century old practices at 
tea plantations 
  Come up with solutions for cloud based data pipeline 
architecture 
  
2019/09 - 
2021/11 
  
Data Scientist II 
General Mills , Mumbai 
Project: Research New Algorithm 
  Come up with LSTM model and fitment of the same as a 
replacement of the existing approaches. The MAPE was 
improved from 70% to 92% 
  Develop and deliver content in the space of machine 
learning for analytic capabilities development 
  Check feasibility of algorithms like Q-learning and SARSA 
as a replacement of the OR based approaches for the 
supply chain team 
Project: Finance Transformation 
  Come up with a machine learning model to predict financial 
indicators based on external factors only. The monthly 
model had MAPE around 84% 
  Assess the effectiveness of the external data source used 
in the project 
  Generate monthly report and explain it to the finance team 
Project: C&F Harmonization 
  Come up with a machine learning model to harmonize text 
based customer data from various sources about various 
entities 
  Assess various record linkage algorithms to come up with 
the best fit. The accuracy achieved was 95% 
  
2019/01 - 
2019/09 
  
Senior Data Scientist 
Circle of Life Healthcare Pvt. Ltd., New Delhi 
Project: ZEVAC 
  To develop a product based on clinical data available at a 
hospital that can suggest the proper anti-biotic for a 
patient based on various attributes of the person and the 
symptoms 
  Come up with a strategy on what model to use based on 
the data and the inputs from the SMEs 
  Planned and executed go-live as the PoC for the clients 
  Come up with automated testing strategy of the data 
science codes 
  Come up with a testing strategy for the data science 
module and the final product 
  Come up with a set of best practices for the coding and 
ensure the same is enforced 
  Come up with a strategy for the data extraction and 
handling 
  Looking after the patenting process of the product 
  Manage the team of data scientists and do proper resource 
allocation 
  
2013/05 - 
2016/08 
  
Senior Software Engineer 
CGI, Bengaluru 
Project: Shell Horizon H3 
Client: Royal Dutch Shell 
  Examine and troubleshoot problems as logged in by the 
service desk to ensure smooth operation of the application 
  To come up with fraud detection model to handle large 
volume of fraudulent transactions 
  Monitor different components of the application and 
database 
  Proactive tuning of the database to bring down the 
response time 
  Maintained information security of the transaction data at 
all times 
  Liaise with the Defect Management Team to take care of 
any defect that has been logged in the system 
  Work closely with the testing team the effectiveness of the 
solutions provided by the Application vendor to include in 
the next release 
  Taking care of the deployment process for bug fixes, 
improvements, and go live for major OUs for the 
application 
  Taking part in creating and improving support plan for the 
application 
  
2008/12 - 
2013/04 
  
Associate  
Cognizant, Pune 
  Worked on various data migration projects for clients like 
GSK and JPMC 
  Worked as database developer and administrator for 
different requirements 
  Brought down migration completion timeline by 80% 
  Solve issues with special characters in clinical data while 
migrating to a different database 
Education  
  
2016-07 - 
2018-07 
  
M.Tech: QROR 
Indian Statistical Institute - Kolkata 
M.Tech in Quality, Reliability & Operations Research, a two year 
full time academic program, the first of its kind in the country wa
introduced at Indian Statistical Institute in 1989. The program is 
intended to develop statistical analysts with adequate theoretical
practical exposure in Statistical and Mathematical Modeling, 
Operations Research, Optimization, Business analytics, Database
Management system, Statistical Quality Control & Reliability. 
Students pursuing this course are either Masters in Statistics, 
Mathematics or Engineering graduates. 
  
2004-07 - 
2008-07 
  
B.E: Electrical Engineering 
IIEST - Shibpur 
Certifications  
  
2011-12 
  
Oracle Certified Professional in Oracle 11g on the PL/SQL 
Track. 
  
2019-05 
  
Human Research (Curriculum Group) Data or Specimens Only 
Research 
Interests  
  
GIS based solutions 
  
Agritech 
  
Demand Estimation 
  
Econometrics 
  
OR 
  
Data Visualization 
  
Cloud data architecture 
Internships  
Organization Name: ABInBev 
Title: Implementation of BLP methodology in Beer Market 
Business Problem: The challenge was to do an empirical 
demand estimation at brand level for a market where only 
aggregated sales data was available. 
Approach: We came up with a latent variable (utility from 
a brand at a market for a consumer) model and estimated 
the market share for a set of coefficients. Then we 
estimated the market share and calculated the difference 
with the market share derived from the data. Then we 
modeled it as an non-linear minimization problem and used 
GMM to solve the same with iterations until the difference 
reached a pre-defined tolerance value. We also checked 
gradient descent algorithm as another approach to solve the 
minimization problem. 
Algorithms/Techniques: GMM, Gradient Descent 
algorithm, 2SLS regression, IV model. 
Duration: Jan 2018-Jun 2018 
 
Organization Name: IL&FS Education and Technology 
Services Limited. 
Title: Investment sensitization using statistical data 
analysis. 
Business Problem: The investors of the organization were 
interested to know about how to draw statistical inference 
on whether company's presence is having any impact in 
human life in comparison to the respective district's same 
parameters as benchmark at a reasonably small geography 
(Pin code level in this case). 
Approach: We first came up with a metric to measure the 
socio-economic condition for an individual and an area (at 
the pincode level). Then test on population proportion was 
used to test the hypothesis whether the value of the 
measure of socio economic condition is higher than the 
district level mean. This method was chosen after careful 
consideration of other tests as well as non-parametric 
methods. The sampling distribution was found to follow 
normal distribution which was in line with using of 
proportionality test. 
Algorithms/Techniques: Proportionality test, MLR. 
Duration: May 2017-Jul 2017 
 
 

 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/agnitin
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Large Language Models (LLM)
Generative AI
Communication
Languages
German (Elementary)
English (Professional Working)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Microsoft Certified: Azure
Fundamentals
Alteryx Designer Core
R Programming (on Coursera)
QM901x Predictive Analytics (on
edX)
Apache Spark Essential Training:
Big Data Engineering
Honors-Awards
Client Excellence Award
Best Employee of the month
Top Performer of Green Field
Training'11
Winner of IBM The Great Mind
Challenge'10
Winner of IBM The Great Mind
Challenge'09
Publications
Analysis for Detection of fraudulent
Site in Online Transactions using
Game Theoretic PAPA (GTP)
International Gold Price Analytics
Nitin Agarwal
Applied Data Science | Machine Learning | Generative AI/LLMs |
Mentor
Bangalore Urban, Karnataka, India
Summary
Data Scientist with 12 years of industry experience.
I possess a combination of technical expertise, Analytical thinking,
and business acumen with a demonstrated history of creating
and implementing successful data science products, and driving
data-driven value across diverse industries, including healthcare,
technology, audit, shipping and logistics, and consulting.
I have expertise in building end-to-end solutions that incorporate
machine learning, statistical modeling, Natural Language
Processing, Deep Learning, and data analytics to extract valuable
insights from complex datasets, leading to improved decision-making
and better business outcomes.
Experience
Microsoft
Senior Data Scientist
February 2022 - Present (1 year 6 months)
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
A.P. Moller - Maersk
Data Scientist
December 2019 - February 2022 (2 years 3 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Mavenir
Machine Learning - R&D (As a part of Accelopt's Acquisition)
November 2018 - December 2019 (1 year 2 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Accelopt Networks
Machine Learning Specialist
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
June 2018 - November 2018 (6 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
IQVIA
Consultant - Data Science
September 2017 - June 2018 (10 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
KPMG
Senior Associate - Advanced Analytics
May 2015 - September 2017 (2 years 5 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Accenture in India
Senior Business Intelligence Analyst
July 2011 - November 2014 (3 years 5 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Education
Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani
Master's degree, Data Science and Engineering · (May 2020 - May 2022)
Harvard Business School
HBX CORe, Business Analytics; Economics for Managers; Financial
Accounting · (2016 - 2016)
IIIT Bangalore
Post Graduate Certificate, Business Analytics · (2015 - 2015)
Jaypee University of Information Technology
B. Tech, Electrical, Electronics and Communications
Engineering · (2007 - 2011)
 
Page 2 of 2

Suhani Jaiswal
Email-id : suhanijais22@gmail.com
Mobile No.: 8545989845
https://www.linkedin.com/in/suhani-j-64420a1ba/
ACADEMIC DETAILS
Year
Degree/Exam
Institute
GPA/Marks
Aug, 2019 - Present
B.Tech in Computer Science with S/W Eng
Graphic Era(Deemed to be)University
8.71/10.0
2019
ISC
Kendriya Vidyalaya,BHU
73
2017
Matriculation
Kendriya Vidyalaya,BHU
93
PROJECTS
  Student information management system (Sep, 2020 - Dec, 2020)
◦ Worked on project documentation and report.Requirement Gathering,system analysis and Developed
SDLC artifacts based on SDLC process . Worked on different Software to model information systems
and manage development processes.
  Cartoonifying an Image (Oct, 2021 - Dec, 2021)
◦ Conversion of good quality Image to cartoon by understanding patterns. Explore different method-
ologies for Cartoonifying an Image using Open CV library.
  College Website Front end Development (Mar, 2022 - April, 2022)
◦ Developing a college website which shows all the information about the college store faculty and stu-
dents information.used Html,Css and javascript/jQuery for Front End Development.Working with
some UI tools like AdobeXD and Figma to design the look of the website.
  Library Management System (April, 2022 - July, 2022)
◦ Developing a Library website used Html , Css and Javascript/jQuery for Front End Development.Working
with some UI tools like AdobeXD and Figma to design the look of the website.Currently working on
the testing process with the team with some manual as well as automation testing.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Language (C , C++)
Web Technologies (HTML , CSS , JQuery)
Database (MySQL)
Design Tools (Figma , Adobe XD , Adobe Illustrator)
Skills
  Well versed with Agile, Scrum, SDLC phases.
  Good understanding of the STLC review process, and test case documentation.
  Familiar with manual testing (Black box and White box).
  Interaction Design , Wireframes , prototyping
Certiﬁcations
  Foundations of User Experience (UX) Design https://coursera.org/share/da5cb7e81a622b485503d38a34d2034f
INTEREST AND HOBBIES
  Designing , Travelling

+91-9673062604
Pune,India
rutvikjaiswal195@gmail.com 
Python Developer with expertise in Flask, experienced in creating end-to-end pipelines and implementing
machine learning models. Successful track record of delivering solutions for complex projects, showcasing strong
Python programming skills.
Summary
Rutvik S Jaiswal
Python Developer
rutvik_jaiswal
Collected and processed quality data for computer vision model training.
Developed end-to-end pipeline for data collection, model training, prediction, and deployment.
Implemented object detection and tracking system using YOLO v5 and YOLO v4
Implemented Deep SORT algorithm for real-time object tracking and analysis.
Optimized model performance by incorporating multithreading techniques, resulting in a 20%
improvement and enhanced real-time processing capabilities.
Responsibilities:
Smart City
Position: Associate Engineer 
As part of a Smart City Project, the team is working to reduce traffic violations and improve road safety
by detecting and issuing compliance notices to individuals not wearing helmets. This involves the
development and implementation of a system that can accurately detect helmet usage using computer
vision techniques 
rutvik-jaiswal-6a333518a
May 2022 - Present
Harman Connected Service
Experience
Airport AI
Position: Associate Engineer [Python Developer]
Developed web applications using Flask, HTML/CSS, JavaScript and React JS.
Designed and implemented UI components, APIs to support client requirements.
Integrated ML models into web applications, creating pipelines that processed data and provided
insights to end-users.ensuring efficient communication between the front-end and back-end
components
Conducted EDA using Pandas, Matplotlib, and other DS libraries.
Collaborated with team members to identify and prioritize bug fixes and feature improvements, using
version control (e.g., Git).
Documented code, processes, and project requirements to ensure smooth transitions between team
members.
Participated in code reviews and peer programming sessions to share knowledge and learn new skills
Responsibilities:
As part of Smart Airport, Airport Authorities trying to predict the number of people entering/leaving
the airport for next 24 hours. By using the historical passenger's data, travelled through the Airport.
Open Source Contribution
Github Link : https://github.com/sunnyar/indian_festivals
PyPi : https://pypi.org/project/indian-festivals
Contributed to the India Festival Python library, a community-driven project that provides information
about Indian festivals. Improved the library by modifying the API call and adding exception handling in
urllib2, resulting in more robust and reliable data retrieval. Played a key role in ensuring the accuracy of
festival information for users of the library.
iNeuron 
Training / Course : 
Core Python hand on pratice
Github and Git commands
Deploying Python Project using Flask API 
Deploying Project to cloud platform(heruko)
Build model and store in the docker follow CI-   
CD Pipeline structure
Hand on statastics and implement it using
Python library
EDA on various kind of data
Able to scrap review, rating , name of
customers
Use case : To train,test of machine
learning model and used for future
modeling
deploy project on heruko
Review Scrapper
Project : 
- 1. Training based on Machine learning and Data
science
- Python Core 
- Build Review Scrapper Project
- Build Music recommendation system from scatch
AI/ML Engineer
iPrimed 
Internship: 
March/2022 -May/ 2022
API : Flask
1. Python : 5 Star in HackerRank
Library : Numpy ,pandas ,Scikit-
learn Matplotlib ,Seaborn ,OS ,Glob
,
 2. SQL (MySQL)
Technical skill : 
 3. Git and GitHub
 4. Machine Learning
 7. HTML ,CSS . JS
 8. Object Oriented Programming 
 5. Anaconda / PIP / CONDA
Education : 
AISSMS Institute of information technology ,Pune  
   BE In Electrical Engineering (CGPA  8.85)
 9. React JS 

PRASANTH.P
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasanth-pkp-2391b4145/
Summary
Working as a Senior Software Developer for Product Development with 4+
Years' Experience in the areas of Application Development & Bot Development.
❖ Responsible for brainstorming activities, upgrading the features of existing live
products and assisting the Development team in all aspects.
Educational Qualifications
Degree
Name of the Institution
Year
Board/University
Percentage
/CGPA
BE CSE
MUTHAYAMMAL ENGINEERING
COLLEGE
2018
Anna University,
Chennai
6.5/10
Class
XII
GOVERNMENT BOYS HIGHER
SECONDARY SCHOOL
2014
State Board
65%
Class X
GOVERNMENT BOYS HIGHER
SECONDARY SCHOOL
2012
State Board
88.4%
Professional Abridgment
SDE II , InterviewDesk Technologies - Chennai
March 2022 - Till Now
I have worked on our own digital product from scratch.The ultimate platform for
conducting virtual interviews, with advanced AI-powered tools to help you make better
hiring decisions.
❖ Front-End(Frameworks) : ReactJs
❖ Design (Framework) : Antd Design
❖ Back-End(Frameworks) : Kotlin
❖ Database: DynamoDB
❖ AWS Services: AWS CDK,AWS SDK,EC2,S3,Lambda,CodeCommit,CodePipeline,
CloudWatch,API Gateway, DynamoDB,AWS Amplify,Cognito,CloudFormation,App
Runner,Elastic Container Service,CloudFront, AWS Chime Video, AWS Chime Chat
Senior Software Developer , FalconOrange Technologies - Coimbatore
April 2021 - February 2022
Web Application
I have worked on 3+ digital products. It is used to communicate between owner and user.
❖ Front-End(Frameworks) : ReactJs
❖ Design (Framework) : Antd Design
❖ Back-End(Frameworks) : Nestjs , Python(FastApi)
❖ Database: PostgreSQL
Bot
I have worked on 4+ bot products .It is used to chat between owner to
user.
❖ Front-End(Frameworks) : Bot Framework , Vuejs(Nuxtjs)
❖ Back-End(Frameworks) : Nestjs
❖ Database: PostgreSQL
❖ Design (Framework) : Vuetify , Bootstrap
Mobile Application
As a Senior Developer, I have worked on one digital product. It is used to communicate
between owner and user.
❖ Front-End(Frameworks) : Flutter
❖ Design (Framework) : Material, Bootstrap
❖ Database: PostgreSQL
Full Stack Developer & Lead Technology Mentor, FACE - Coimbatore
April 2020 - February 2021
 
As a Lead Technology Mentor, I have trained 6 batches in Java Full Stack and 5 batches
in MERN Stack, with an industry approved curriculum
 
Developed a dedicated WebRTC application for Organizational meeting, webinars and
online classes (like Zoom meet) using open source systems.
 
Developed MERN Stack web application for Food order chat bot.
 
Developed MERN Stack application for Students Report Management.
 
Personal hobby project using Digital Learning MERN Stack
Technology Mentor, FACE - Kollam, Kerala
September 2019 - April 2020
 
As a Technology Mentor, I have trained 4 batches in DDUGKY (Central Government
Project) on Java Full Stack in Kerala.
 
Responsible for managing the Technical division in Kollam DDUGKY Center, designing
the curriculum, upskilling the team and job placements.
 
Developed a python bot for generating certificates, post the assessments and test results
of respective candidates.
Associate, FACE - Coimbatore
February 2019 - September 2019
 
As an Associate Trainer guided thousands of students to attain their dream career.
 
Technical trainer and a part of Full stack Development.
 
Developed a python bot to send automated WhatsApp messages and Web applications
as a part of digital marketing.
 
Create a customized Moodle e-learning platform
Software Developer, Consensus Technology - Coimbatore
March 2018 - February 2019.
 
As a Developer, managed the Entire E-learning and online coding platform (Dodo) and
added new features to the live environment.
 
Part of Application development and Content development for the courses conducted in
Consensus Technologies
Junior Technology Specialist (Intern), Consensus Technology - Coimbatore
June 2017 - March 2018
 
Responsible for upskilling final year students in industry oriented technical courses
 
Part of Content development team
Technical Exposure
✔ Front-end languages: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JS, Query and JSP.
✔ Frameworks & Library: React Js, Angular Js,Node Js, Vue JS, NestJS
✔ Back-end Languages: MySQL, MongoDB, Oracle, PostgreSQL
✔ Operating system: Ubuntu, Linux, Windows.
✔ Cloud and Hosting: AWS and Digital Ocean.
✔ Web Server: Apache, Tomcat, Nginx
✔ Software: Eclipse, VS Code.
✔ Programming skills: C, C++, Java, Kotlin,Python, Data structures
✔ AWS Services: AWS CDK,AWS SDK,EC2,S3,Lambda,CodeCommit,CodePipeline,
CloudWatch,API Gateway, DynamoDB,AWS Amplify,Cognito,CloudFormation,App
Runner,Elastic Container Service,CloudFront, AWS Chime Video, AWS Chime Chat
Organizational Scan
❖ InterviewDesk Technologies Pvt Ltd,Chennai, India
❖ FalconOrange Technologies, Coimbatore, India
❖ Focus Academy for Career Enhancement(FACE),
Coimbatore, India
❖ Consensus Technologies Private Limited, Coimbatore, India
Personal Profile
Father's Name
:
Mr.Pachayapillai.S
Nationality
:
Indian
Marital Status
:
Single
Email
:
prasanthpkp191196@gmail.com
Contact
:
+91 8122490546, 8248133001

Karan Dasari
Email : krn.sd7276@gmail.com
Contact : 9518346947
EDUCATION
P.E.S.MCOE, PUNE
B.E in Computer Engg.
2017-20 | Pune,India
CGPA: 7.23
GOVT.POLYTECHNIC,SOLAPUR
Diploma in Computer Engg.
2014-17 | Solapur, India
Percentage: 79.8
SUYASH CENTRAL SCHOOL, SO-
LAPUR
10th Standard
2013-14 | Solapur, India
CGPA: 8.4
LINKS
LinkedIn: karandasari
Github: karan7276
HackerRank:karan7276
Codechef: karankd123
SKILLS
PROGRAMMING
  C++
  Python
 JAVA
FRONT-END
  HTML   CSS   JavaScript
DATABASES
  MySQL   NoSQL
TOOLS
  Jenkins   Postman
ACHIEVEMENTS
  Winner in C Booster
Competition at District Level.
  Was a Team Member of Smart
City, Solapur.
  Got triggered to Google Foobar
while searching problems on
google and successfully completed
Level 3.
  Global Rank 1790 in August Long
Challenge Codechef. 2020
PROFILE
A computer science enthusiast having programming experiences in
languages like C,C++,Python.In-depth knowledge of designing and
development tools and coding languages.Almost 1 year of work experience
in innovating software designs, testing and coding as well as debugging
programs
EXPERIENCE
TIBCO SOFTWARE
Software Developer
March 2020 - April 2022 | Pune, India
  Part of a team on the product named Jaspersoft(Jaspersoft software
lets you easily create a self-service reporting environment where users
can create their own.)
MARKETPLUG UK
BackEnd Java Developer
April 2022 - Present | London, United Kingdom
  Part of a backend team where we are developing the Marketplug
product from scratch
PROJECTS
DETECTION OF DIABETIC EYE DISEASE USING THERMAL
IMAGES USING CNN ALGORITHM
  To analysis and investigation of retinal diseases in the primary stage
through data mining techniques that make the decision making process
useful.
SELENIUM ON PAYTM
Link-Selenium On Paytm
  An Automation Testing on Paytm Website which automatically
allows you to add money in your Paytm wallet from Paytm bank
account using Selenium Framework..
  Developed using Python and Selenium framework.
QUESTION PAPER GENERATION
Generating Question Papers on The Go
  A Website that accepts the questions from user with respect to
bloom's taxonomy level.Lets user to select questions, which should be
in question paper and generates question paper in PDF format.
INTERESTS
Crypto Marketing.
Volunteer Work.
Listening to Music.
Travelling.

RESHMA R
CONTACT
reshma.roffl@gmail.com
8110990201
NO. 516/5/2, THENDRAL NAG
AR, AMMOOR ROAD, WALAJA
PET. PINCODE -632513
SKILLS
Java, python(Basics)
DATA STRUCTURE AND
ALGORITHMS
Database- SQL
Tableau(Basics)
Web development- html, css
MICROSOFT EXCEL
LANGUAGES
ENGLISH
TAMIL
2015-
2016
2017-
2018
2018-
2021
2021-
2023
OBJECTIVE
Seeking a challenging position where I can grow both personally and
professionally
EDUCATION
X STANDARD
LITTLE FLOWER CONVENT MATRIC HR. SEC
SCHOOL, AMMOOR, RANIPET
88.4%
XII STANDARD
SUNBEAM MATRIC HR. SEC. SCHOOL, KATPADI,
VELLORE
67.7%
BSC COMPUTER SCIENCE
VELLORE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY,
KATPADI, VELLORE
8.25 CGPA
MASTER OF COMPUTER APPLICATION
VELLORE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY,
KATPADI, VELLORE
7.56 CGPA
PROJECTS
DIAGNOSIS OF CERVICAL CANCER USING CNN MODEL
The project involved collecting and preprocessing medical images,
and designing and training a CNN model to accurately
classify cervical cancer in patients. I conducted extensive research to
determine the optimal CNN architecture, hyperparameters, and
data augmentation techniques to improve model performance and
generalization. For the CNN model, VGG19 has been used in this
project. 
FARMERS TRADING PORTAL
This project is about the trading of goods collected from the farmers
and deliver it to the consumers directly without any involvement of
mediators in between. 
STUDENT EXAMINATION MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
This project is where the exams for students are conducted through
online. 

1 
 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
PROJECT 
 
 
 
To work with a reputed organization which provides me challenging environment & en- 
courages continuous learning and creativity, which stimulate both personal as well as 
professional growth, and to benefit both the organization as well as my career. 
 
 
 
Coding Languages:- 
 Front-end Development:- HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript 
 Back-end Development:-Python Programming, Java, C. 
 
Framework: Django, MVT. 
 
Operating Systems: Windows. 
 
Tools: JIRA, Postman. 
 
Databases: My-SQL, SQL. 
 
 
 Project Name: Hospital Management System 
 Description :The purpose of the project entitled “Hospital Management System in 
Django” is to computerize the Front workplace Management of a Hospital to develop 
a software package that is user-friendly easy, fast, and value- effective. It deals with 
the gathering of patient's info, identification details, etc.  
 Roles & Responsibilities: 
 Our project Hospital Management system includes Login of patients, storing their  
              details into the system, and also booking their appointments with doctors.  
 Our project Hospital Management system includes Login of patients, storing their  
              details into the system, and also booking their appointments with doctors.  
 User can search availability of a doctor and the details of a patient using  
             System can be entered using a username and password. It is accessible either by an  
             administrator or receptionist. Only they can add data into the database. The data can be  
             retrieved easily. The interface is very user-friendly. The data are well protected for  
             personal use and makes the data processing very fast.  
 It is having mainly two modules. One is at Administration Level and other one is of user  
              I.e. of patients and doctors. The Application maintains authentication in order to access  
              the application
 
Name: Nikhil Dattatray Salve 
Address: At Sonewadi, Post. Akolner, Tal. Nagar 
Dist. Ahmednagar (Maharashtra). 
Email Id: salvenik8@gmail.com 
Mob No: +91-7499556019 
2 
 
SKILLS 
EDUCATION 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
EDUCATION 
 
 
 
 
Project management 
 
Critical thinking 
 
Good communication 
 
Emotional Intelligence 
 
Problem Solving 
 
Software and application knowledge 
 
Team Work 
 
Administrative 
 
 
 
 Certification Course: Python full stack development in Perfect IT Solution . 
 MSBTE: Completed Diploma in Computer engineering in 2022. 
 
 
 
Date of Birth: 8th December 2002. 
Marital Status: Un-married. 
Languages: Marathi, English, Hindi 
Strengths: Positive attitude, Effective Presentation, Management 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 
Place: 
(Nikhil Dattatray salve) 

Tanya 
Varshney
Digital Graphics and 
UI/UX Designer
Contact
Skills
Languages
Address
Meerut, U.P. India 250001
Phone
+91-8630669902
E-mail
tanyavarshney12299@gmail.com
LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/in/tanya
varshney12/
Portfolio
https://www.behance.net/tanyava
rshney12
Ps
Hindi
English
Ai
Id
Ae
Lr
XD
Canva
Figma
Ms Ofﬁce
Work Experience
Grassdoor Logistics Technologies
Digital Graphic Designer
  Collaborate with the US creative team to 
understand project goals and develop visually 
compelling designs
  Create graphics and visual elements for 
various digital platforms, including social media, 
advertisement, blogs, campaigns, and websites
Oct 2022 - Present
(Full-time)
Nov 2022 - Jan 2023
(Freelance)
Jun 2021 - Oct 2022
(Full-time)
Aug 2021 - Oct 2021
(Freelance)
Nov 2020 - Jun 2021
(Full-time)
Oct 2020 - Dec 2020
(Freelance)
Jan 2020 - Apr 2020
(Full-time)
Nov 2018 - Dec 2019
(Part-time)
Jun 2019 - Jul 2019
(Internship)
Jun 2017 - Jul 2017
(Internship)
DYU Handmade
Freelance Brand Designer
  Worked ﬂexible hours across night, weekend 
and holiday shifts
  Developed and maintained courteous and 
effective working relationships
Jones Lang LaSalle
Graphic Design Analyst
  Applied effective time management techniques 
to meet tight deadlines
  Demonstrated leadership skills in managing 
projects from concept to completion
  Provided professional services and support to 
the US team in a dynamic work environment
Inquisitive Years Pvt. Ltd.
Freelance Brand Designer
  Researched and identiﬁed new opportunities 
for product and brand development
  Studied market trends to identify customer 
needs and preferences for strategic planning
  Consulted with product development teams to 
enhance products based on customer interest 
data
Yashram Lifestyle Brands Pvt. Ltd.
Visual Communication & Graphic Designer
  Functioned as the sole graphic designer in a 
fast paced startup culture
  Employed design fundamentals when selecting 
typography, composition, layout, and color in 
design work
  Coordinated with external vendors and 
suppliers to verify quality and accuracy of 
printed materials
Keystone Design Studios
Social Media Content Designer
  Organized and detail-oriented with a strong 
work ethic
  Resolved problems, improved operations and 
provided exceptional service
Landmark Group
Graduation Project - Graphic Designer
  Learned and adapted quickly to new 
technology and software applications
  Passionate about learning and committed to 
continual improvement
Winsome Bioceuticals
Graphic Designer
  Completed ﬁnal touches for projects such as 
images sizes and font selection
  Met with customers to present mockups and 
collect information for adjustments
Reliance Brands Limited
Internship Trainee
  Learnt and understood the art of saree creation 
and the fundamentals of textile designing
  Participated in performance improvement 
activities or meetings and recommended actions 
to improve results
Maverick India
Summer Internship
  Conducted interviews and wrote content for 
their client's websites
Education
Post Graduation: Visual Design & User Experience
Indian Institute of Technology, Hyderbad
(June 2021 - December 2022) 
Certiﬁcations
Fundamentals of Digital Marketing
Google Digital Garage
Web Development Certiﬁcation Course
Internshala Trainings
Bachelor of Design: Fashion Communication
National Institute of Fashion Technology
(August 2016 - July 2020) 
Basics of Photography
Exposure School of Photography, Meerut
(June 2016) 
Design Skills
Hobbies and Interest
Message from the Designer
Hi, I'm Tanya Varshney, an experienced 
graphic designer with a passion for creating 
beautiful and functional designs. I specialize in 
UI/UX design and am looking for new 
opportunities to showcase my skills.
With about 3+ years of experience in the 
design industry, I have developed a strong 
understanding of the principles of design, 
including typography, color theory, layout, and 
composition. I have a deep understanding of 
user-centered design principles and how to 
create interfaces that are both visually 
appealing and easy to use.
My skills include creating wireframes and 
prototypes, conducting user research, and 
collaborating with developers to bring designs 
to life. I am always looking for new challenges 
and opportunities to learn and grow as a 
designer.
If you're looking for a creative and passionate 
designer with expertise in UI/UX design, I 
would love to connect with you. Let's work 
together to create beautiful and effective 
designs that meet the needs of your users.

Neelesh Tiwari 
A Learner and will always be! 
Being a science student, I constantly explore various activities which helped
me in being more creative in solving problems along with technology and
built projects by developing ideas through creative thinking. 
neeleshishu021@gmail.com 
9516095476 
Jabalpur, India 
linkedin.com/in/neelesh-tiwari-0451b621a 
github.com/neeleshishu 
EDUCATION 
B-Tech 
Jabalpur Engineering College, (Govt.
Autonomous) Jabalpur M.P. 
06/2019 - Present,  
JABALPUR 
Industrial and Production
Engineering 
8.05 CGPA 
12th 
Marthoma Gram Jyoti School Sihora 
04/2018 - 04/2019,  
Sihora DISTT Jabalput 
Maths/Science 
68% 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Technical Support Intern 
Xtreme Media Mumbai 
06/2022 - 07/2022,  
MUMBAI 
XtremeSignage is India's highest-selling enterprise-level digital signage
solution. 
Worked on a real time Projects of Digital Signage Software
with support team who gave Support in all Pan India
Location(Inox Cinemas , Mahindra etc). 
Learned how to take Perfect Decision to make Client Happy
and Satisﬁed. 
Great Experience of how a corporate companies works. 
Agile Software Development Training 
Xtransmatrix Consulting Service Private
Limited 
05/2022 - 06/2022,  
Online mode 
XTRANSMATRIX" is a Lean-Agile boutique consulting ﬁrm specializing in
Lean, Agile and DevOps plus. 
in this 28 days training I learned about Agile Methodology. 
Learned about Agile Methodology by Scrum and Lean
Frameworks. 
Great Experience of Agile Development. 
Production Intern 
Shree Mahila Ghar Udyog Liggat Papad
Jabalpur 
06/2021 - 06/2021,  
Jabalpur 
Makes papad at the low cost and other products 
In this training as Production Trainee I learned about how to
Produce Products more faster and more cost eﬃcient. 
I Learned about Time Study, Method Study and How a
Manufacturing Departments Works. 
Great Experience of how Production Engineer works. 
SKILLS 
Database mySQL 
Scrum Framework 
Agile Methodology 
Operating System 
Data structures and algorithms 
Html, CSS 
Web Developer 
PERSONAL PROJECTS 
❖ Supermarket Billing System In C++ and OOPS 
This supermarket billing system is a console application built in C++ without the
use of graphics. 
❖ Academic Search Engine 
This search engine project was designed to oﬀer appropriate academic data and
records in colleges and universities. 
❖ Code-Prep Website for Students 
https://neeleshishu.github.io/Code-Prep-Website/ 
❖ Live Cricket Score Website. 
https://neeleshishu.github.io/Live_Cricket_Score/ 
❖ Weather Tracker Website. 
CERTIFICATES 
Summer Training of Agile Methodology at Xtransmatix Consulting
(2022). 
AWS Cloud Online Conference Certiﬁcate by Amazon 
JOB-A-THON 13.0 Hiring Contest Certiﬁcate GFG (162/175) 
Hacker rank c++ (5 Ranking). 
www.hackerrank.com/neeleshishu021 
Some more webinar/Workshop attending certiﬁcate. 
LANGUAGES 
C/C++ 
Native or Bilingual Proﬁciency 
React Js 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
Node js 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
NON TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Ability to think abstractly 
Team Management Skill 
Willingness to learn new languages and methodologies 
Problem Solving 
Good Verbal and Communication Skills 
Courses 
Courses 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 

 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/hemansnation
(LinkedIn)
www.himanshuramchandani.co/
(Personal)
hemansai.com/ (Company)
masterdexter.live/ (Company)
Top Skills
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Entrepreneurship
Data Science
Languages
English (Professional Working)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Publications
Python for Absolute Beginners, Non-
Tech Professional Background, This
is all you need 
Himanshu Ramchandani
Data & Engineering Consultant   I help enterprises utilize big data to
build AI-powered products   Mentor professionals to improve their
skills in the data field by 1% every day.
Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India
Summary
Strategic Data & Engineering Consultant, Help startups utilize big
data to build AI-powered products and mentor professionals to
improve their skills in the data field by 1% every day.
  Over six years of experience in developing Python and JavaScript
applications, including analysis, system design, and development.
  Have experience working for industry clients, including healthcare,
artificial intelligence, finance, and education institutions.
  Developed data pipeline and ﬂow on AWS, and GCP on the
projects for the team of engineers. Monitoring and generating
Analytical reports on the institution data for admission and
academics. 
  Conducted more than 400+ webinars on Data Science and Artiﬁcial
Intelligence.
  Worked with data, applying statistical models, designing the ﬂow of
the data product, and monitoring the end-to-end products.
  Worked on different projects in multiple domains like Finance,
Education, Healthcare, Public Sector.
  Image Analytics with Computer Vision, speciﬁcally weapon
detection. 
  Deep Learning powered NLP Chatbot in Public Sector.
DataDexter - Data Engineering services and work
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
  Building our Data Engineering Infrastructure using Apache
Nifi, Apache AirFlow, Elasticsearch, and Kibana. PostgreSQL,
pyAdmin, Reading and writing files, working with databases,
cleaning, transforming, and enriching data pipelines.
  Deploying Data Pipelines to production, version control, monitoring,
deploying, and building production data pipelines.
  Batch processing, Building Kafka cluster, Streaming Data with
Apache Kafka, Data Processing with Apache Spark
  Docker and Kubernetes.
Mentor work
  Trained 5000+ Computer Science enthusiasts in Data Science,
Machine Learning, Full Stack Web Development, and major project
development, with technologies like Python, SQL, Machine Learning,
Statistics, Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Scikit-Learn.
  Recruited, interviewed, and hired 100+ developers to keep up with
partner company's growth and expansion.
  Hosted more than 50 in-house AI Hackathons.
  500+ Free sessions on Python, Machine Learning, Git GitHub,
NLP, Computer Vision, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and ReactJS.
  Built a community of 5000+ Data Scientists by generating quality
content on Artiﬁcial Intelligence and subﬁelds like machine learning,
deep learning, NLP, and computer vision.
Research Thesis
Knowledge tracing is the personation of student knowledge over time
with advanced machine learning algorithms.
Experience
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
HemansAI
Founder & Data Consultant
September 2018 - Present (4 years 11 months)
Indore Area, India
We build AI-powered data products using NLP, Computer Vision, Data
Engineering, and Full Stack Software Development.
- Design and development of custom AI algorithms and models
- Integration of AI technology into existing applications
- Data management and analysis
- Prototyping and proof-of-concept development
Our team could help your startup with AI solutions, allowing them to full-scale
development.
MasterDexter
Chief Data Scientist
August 2019 - Present (4 years)
Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India
MasterDexter Live
6 years 1 month
Mentor | Data Science
December 2019 - Present (3 years 8 months)
Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India
We provide trained data professionals for startups and businesses.
Machine Learning Engineer
July 2018 - Present (5 years 1 month)
Indore
Python Developer
July 2017 - Present (6 years 1 month)
Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India
Programming World
Co-Founder | Mentor
January 2017 - Present (6 years 7 months)
India
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Programming World, an institute for Technical Education. We provide a
platform for students to develop their skills in discrete fields of Computer
Science and Information Technology.
Education
Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya
Master of Technology - MTech, Data Science · (2019 - 2021)
Medicaps University
Bachelor's degree, Medicaps · (2013 - 2017)
 
Page 4 of 4

Kelly Zhang
Senior Machine Learning Engineer
golive.future@gmail.com | +17856694192 | New York, New York, USA
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kelly-zhang-930752246/
PROFILE
Passionate and Hard working Machine Learning Engineer with relevant skills and experiences in Data Engineering and Data
Science. I have provided excellent suggestions and solutions to the companies so that they have touched over $13M.
EDUCATION
Bachelor's Degree / Computer Science, University of Pittsburgh
 Won the 1st place in programming competition
 Explored various aspects of artificial intelligence, including knowledge representation, reasoning, 
planning, and expert systems.
08/2008 - 08/2012
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Senior Machine Learning Engineer, KiwiTech
 Preprocess and analyze complex data sets to extract meaningful features and insights.
 Expertized in establishing MLOps pipeline for projects and ML algorithms including regression, 
classification, clustering
05/2018 - 05/2023
New York, USA
 Professionally experienced with AWS Lambda, Sagemaker, Kinesis, Firehose, Glue, Athena, EKS, 
EMR, Redshift, CodeBuild, CodeCommit and led as a technical advisor
 Mentor and guide junior team members, provide technical leadership, and contribute to 
knowledge sharing initiatives.
Machine Learning Engineer, Guardian Life Insurance Limited
 Implemented Cloud based 10+ Machine Learning projects with the combination of coding, 
relational database, MySQL, Oracle, Computer Science NLP and data-driven projects such as AI 
Poster, CRM and Recommendation System 
  Completed 10+ Deep Learning based computer vision, NLP projects using frameworks such as 
Tensorflow, PyTorch, Yolo Model and successfully deployed 5+ large-scale production AI solutions.
08/2016 - 05/2018
New York, USA
 Work closely with software engineers to integrate machine learning algorithms into software 
applications.
Machine Learning Intern, Federal Reserve Board of Governors
 Collected and analyzed data from news and social media sources, and developed 12+ predictive 
models for cryptocurrency futures trading.
 Designed Natural Language Processing (NLP) algorithms to valuate cryptocurrencies using 
sentiment analysis (Python, NLTK) and improved accuracy up to 96%.
08/2014 - 08/2016
Washington DC, USA
 Provided analytical support for the launch and management of new quantitative investment for 8 
products & strategies.
Full-stack Developer, Niji
 Developed 10+ new application features and distributed services that support high-scale 
applications
 Created Web Application that allowed 75k users to search for nearby hotels and restaurants based 
on their location with 97% accuracy.
09/2012 - 08/2014
Canton of Cesson, France
 Worked with a team of 30 developers that created several e-commerce websites using PHP, MySQL, 
JavaScript, React, Vue, Angular and so on within 8 months
SKILLS
Machine Learning (Python, AWS, GCP, Azure, Keras, Numpy, Scikit-Learn, CI/CD, ChatGPT, GPT4, Stable Diffusion, LLM, Computer
Vision, NLP, Docker, Kubernetes, LSTM, CNN, RNN, Spacy)
Full Stack Development (React.js, Angular.js, Node.js, JavaScript, TypeScript, ASP.NET, Flask, PHP, Django, RESTful API, SQL,
NoSQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL)
Programming (Python, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, R, Scala, Delphi)


Arundhati Nandi
Social Media Marketing Consultant, Midas Touch
 arundhatinandi93@gmail.com
 +91 8420173594
 Kolkata-148, West Bengal, India
 LinkedIn
Work Experience
Mar, 2022 -
Present
Midas Touch Consultants
Social Media Marketing Consultant
  Currently managing 5+ US-based B2B Technology clients specializing in UI/UX, Big Data,
Customer Experience, SNOW, and AI/ML.
  Social Media Copy Writing and Creative Designing for LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook.
  Client Consulting experience for optimized Marketing Mix and Technology stack.
  Tools - Creator Studio | SocialPilot | TweetDeck | Canva
Oct 2021 -
Jan 2022
Mind and Matter
Social Media Manager
  Managed the Social Media accounts of Zee Bangla Cinema, one of the major Bengali Entertainment
Channels with a follower count of 1.4M.
  Planning and Implementing Virtual Campaigns, Creatives, and Content for Facebook and Instagram.
  Stakeholder Management across Marketing (Client) and in-house Designing Team.
  Campaign Research, Ideation, and Social Media Report.
Education
2019 - 2021
The Heritage Academy, Kolkata (MAKAUT)
MS in Media Science, Grade: 8.42/10
2016 - 2019
Rani Birla Girls' College, University of Calcutta
BA in Journalism and Mass Communication (Honours)
2016
BDM International, CBSE
AISSCE - Commerce with Business Studies (10+2)
2014
Holy Cross School, CISCE
ICSE (10th)
Freelance Experience
  Social Media Marketing - 3 Domestic B2C clients [ Genre: Jewellery and FMCG Industry ]
  Content Writing: Successfully delivered 250+ articles serving 4 Domestic B2C clients [ Genre: Blogs (Fashion,
Travel, and Technology), Product Promotions, and Website Content ]
Technical Skills
  Softwares: InDesign | Final Cut Pro | Canva | Microsoft Office - Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Extra Curricular Activities
  Technical Member, "Ad-Adda", Marketing Communication Event organized by The Heritage Academy, Kolkata.
  Actively participated in a Short Film Festival, "Mini Input", organized by the Department of Media Science from
The Heritage Academy.
  Completed 4th year in Fine Arts (Painting) from Pracheen Kala Kendra.

balaji puvvada 
FULL STACK DEVELOPER 
passionate in learning new technologies 
balajipuvvada12289@gmail.c
om 
9949277641 
bhimavaram, india 
linkedin.com/in/balu-balaji-
b3356a16a 
github.com/balubalaji123 
SKILLS 
MEAN STACK 
MERN STACK 
ReactJs 
JAVA(PLAY) 
VUEJS 
AURELIA 
c++ 
MongoDB 
NodeJs 
CYPRESS 
Angular 
ExpressJs 
BootStrap 
python 
c 
LANGUAGES 
Telugu 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
English 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
Hindi 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
INTERESTS 
web development 
problem solving 
EDUCATION 
B_TECH 
SRKR engineering college 
06/2018 - 05/2022,  
bhimavaram 
computer science 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Phenom People (02/2022 - Present) 
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER (PDE) -1 
sri tech,intern (10/2021 - 02/2022) 
full stack developer 
edyst, hyderabad (08/2021 - 10/2021) 
web mentor 
WE FOR YOU (05/2020 - 07/2021) 
full stack developer 
CERTIFICATES 
examly.io (05/2021 - 06/2021) 
certiﬁed for better performance in coding competition conducted by the examly.io 
PERSONAL PROJECTS 
MCL (05/2020 - 07/2021) 
It is a LMS (Learning management system) which is developed in MEAN stack . Through MCL we are able to
establish connection between the teacher and student in which teacher is able to conduct assignments,
quizzes and exams to the students 
my role in the project is full stack developer 
CHATBOOK (01/2020 - 04/2020) 
It is a chat engine in which we are able to add our from the users and chat with them and we are also able
to share media with them 
It is developed in MEAN stack along with Nodejs sockets 
FindMyTutor (05/2019 - 12/2019) 
It is student-teacher connecting application in which teacher will able to create a course provided by
what's app group link and then when student registered for the course then student need to join the
group through the link which he received to his gmail . 
BMS (08/2018 - 04/2019) 
It is a project fully developed in angular which is e-commerce website for the shops. 
ACHIEVEMENTS 
secured third prize in 24 hours hackathon (11/2019 - 12/2019) 
It is 24 hours continuous hackathon in which we developed FMT (ﬁnd my tutor) project in which teacher can
create courses and students can come and enroll for course 
Courses 

Working as a third party on PWC clients' projects.
Develop and maintain APIs and Data Science tools for
PWC's business operations. Using Python, PostgreSQL,
and AWS like technologies
Parsing PDFs, invoices, and excel sheets into json for PWC.  
Web scrapping and automation.
Developed NER(Named Entity Recognition) app for an
organization and integrated it with Flask and VueJS.
I've worked on Natural Language Processing and created
an algorithm for extracting specific data from multiple
pdf files.
Web scrapping and automation.
Challenge to build a real world project using azure
services
There were a self learning path as well as industrial
session which helps to complete this internship. I
developed an educational blog using Microsoft Azure
services for this internship.
Leading GDSC chapter 2022-23 at my university
Helping our university students to build their mobile, web,
machine learning and cloud skills.
solving real world problem with technology based solution
and open source contribution 
taking session and creating awareness about google
technologies like Google Cloud Platform, Flutter etc.
Python Developer - FullTime
Mobifly, Gurugram, Haryana, India  
 July 2022 - March 2023 (9 months) 
Python Developer -Internship
Panalink Infotech Limited, Delhi India. 
January 2022 - July 2022 (6 months )  
Azure Cloud -Internship
Future Ready Talent, Microsoft 
 December 2021 - January 2022 (2 months) 
GDSC Lead 
Google Developer Student Clubs (KKCEM-DHANBAD)
July 2022 - Present (9 months) 
EXPERIENCE
SKILLS & ABILITIES
Python 
Django | Flask|Fast Api
Pandas|Numpy|Scikit
Learn|Seaboarn|Spacy|TF.2O
Java
C | C ++
HTML | CSS | JavaScript
React-Js | Vue-Js
MYSQL | Postgresql 
Google Cloud Platform | Microsoft-
Azure | HEROKU | AWS
CODE2HELL.AZUREWEBSITES.NET/
 
 
SUMMARY
  I am proficiently in python and
have built Games like Flappy Bird,
Snake, Rock Paper & Scissor with
the help of pygame and OpenCv
library.  To-do, Blog, E-Commerce,
like Websites by using Django
framework and I've also done Web
Scrapping by using beautiful-soup
library.
 I extended my knowledge in python
to learn machine Learning and have
built models using datasets like
Sentiment Analysis,House price
predictor and few NLP projects. 
I have completed Qwiklabs(Google
Cloud Platform) 2 months program
and earn skill certificates and
google swags.
 I've also partifcipate on OpenSorce
events like Hacktoberfest and got
rewarded by them
DANISH KHAN
DHANBAD, JHARKHAND, INDIA 
EDUCATIONAL HISTORY
K.K COLLAGE OF ENGINEERING AND MANAGEMENT
DHANBAD
Bachelor of Technology - BTech
Computer Science & Engineering · (2019 - 2023)
Grade: 7.8 CGPA
AHSAN ALAM MEMORIAL COLLAGE
 12TH SCIENCE  · (2019) 
Grade: 60%
Dhanbad city school 
10TH  · (2017)
Grade: 8.4 CGPA
KHAND7661@GMAIL.COM
 
 
HTTPS://WWW.LINKEDIN.COM/IN/DANISHKHAN420/
HTTPS://GITHUB.COM/KHAND420
 
+91 9110187713  


NARENDRA
PADALA
www.behance.net/spyronaren
90%
85%
80%
80%
70%
55%
Photoshop
Premier Pro
Illustrator
After Effects
Final Cut Pro
Maya
Diploma
MULTIMEDIA & ANIMATION
CG Trix Animation Academy - 2013-2015
B-Tech
COMPUTER SCIENCE ENGINEERING
Vizag Institute of Technology - 2009-2013.
Intermediate
M.P.C
Aditya & Narayana Jr College - 2007-2009
Schooling
C.B.S.E
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya - 2007
WORK EXPERINCE
CREATIVE DESIGNER in
Soul of Pluto Tech, Hyd - Oct 2018 - Jan 2021
CREATIVE DESIGNER in
Krithika Infra Developers, Hyd - June 2021 - Present
ANIMATOR & VIDEO EDITOR in
Must Play Games, Hyd - Feb 2018 - Oct 2018
VIDEO EDITOR & GRAPHIC DESIGNER in
Ocean Film Entertainments, Hyd - Mar 2017 - Feb 2018
3D ANIMATOR in
DQ Entertainments, Hyd - June 2016 - Feb 2017
ANIMATOR & VIDEO EDITOR in
One Vision Studios, Hyd - Dec 2014 - May 2016
CONTRACT DESIGNER in
Whytelocus Education Solutions, Hyd - 2014
FREELANCE MOTION GRAPHIC DESIGNER in
ideal Designs, Hyd - 2014
With 7* years of professional experience 
in Graphic Design, Branding, Animation, 
Video Editing & Multiple Creative Fields. 
i'm always looking for self improvement 
and i'm willing to experiment new form 
of visual communication ideas.
SOFTWARE SKILL
95%
75%
60%
Telugu
English
Hindi
LANGUAGE
My Portfolio: 
 
https://www.behance.net/spyronaren
Website Design:  
https://brandmandir.com
 
 
 
https://kalamandir.com
 
 
 
https://kanchivml.com
Video Eding (Trailers): 
https://youtu.be/7aPvTm5GpNA
 
 
 
https://youtu.be/XxqbJgGwyAM
3D Demo Reel: 
 
https://goo.gl/APxYFM
Sample Works
+91 9492 463 468
Hyderabad
spyro.naren@gmail.com
EDUCATION

Mohd Anas
Python Developer
mohdanasra649@gmail.com 
9354747693
Pilibhit India
Profile
 
                                   
 
 
Creative-minded and detail-oriented
individual with the ability to adhere
to 
established 
procedures 
and
thrive and learn on my own under
little  or 
no  supervision.  To
incorporate  my 
expertise 
in
software 
design, 
application
development 
and 
quality
assurance.
Skills
 
                                     
 
 
Programming Language
Python, Flask
Database
MySql
Education
 
                             
 
 
High school
k.K  Inter College
Jul 2016 - May 2017 | Pilibhit, India
Intermediate
A.K Inter College
Jul 2018 - May2019 | Pilibhit, India
Courses
 
                                                       
 
 
BCA
Springdale College Of Management Studies, MJPRU
Jul 2019 - Nov 2022 | Pilibhit, India
Created a model Online Result System, using php.
Professional
 
        Experience
 
                               
 
 
Internship
Web Microsystems
Sep 2022 - Nov 2022 | Delhi, India
Hand on project related to Python. We have created 
various models on Python,Flask and MySql.
Interests
 
                                                     
 
 
Cricket 
learning skills 
traveling    
Standup Comedy
Languages
 
                                                   
 
 
English
Hindi 
Urdu
Projects
 
                                
 
 
Breast Cancer
ML model based on classification, 
Method to predict Breast Cancer, 
using Python.
Declaration
 
                                                  
 
 
“I hereby declare that the contents of my resume
are accurate to the best of my knowledge and verify
their authenticity.”
Mohd Anas
Delhi

7034115005
nizamworkfromhome@gmail.com
https://nizam-
chenath.github.io/myPortfolio/
Calicut , kerala , India
C O N T A C T
P R O F I L E
S K I L L S
E D U C A T I O N
W O R K  E X P E R I E N C E
Html
CSS
Javascript
ReactJS
Bachelor of computer application(2020-23)
Majlis arts and science college
Graduation with high honors
Fullstack developer (mern)
Freelancing
Developing web apps using ReactJS and ExpressJS
Attend Meeting with clients and analyses requirements
Organized and detail-oriented with a strong work ethic.
Strengthened communication skills through regular interactions with others.
2020-2023
I'm a self-taught front-end developer with 2+ years of experience. I have been mostly
using the ReactJS And Figma.
L A N G U A G E S
English
malayalam
N I Z A M  C
F R O N T E N D  D E V E L O P E R
Frontend developer
YouthIndiaFoundation
Collaborated with stakeholders during development processes to confirm
creative proposals and design best practices.
Designed and updated layouts to meet usability and performance requirements.
Researched emerging web technologies and trends for possible incorporation
into sites.
.
2022 feb - apr
P R O J E C T S
:- MyoPro web app
Its a web application for selling and buying craft items that we make. It is developed with react js
and firebase
https://crafty-a2f12.web.app/
:- Rt Arcades
Developed with ReactJS, scss, git ,json. Integrated google sheet API with contact box
https://www.rtarcades.com/
:- Chocochi
Developed with ReactJS, scss, git , json. Integrated google sheet API with contact box
https://www.chocochi.com/
:- Majlis Application (ReactNative)
contributed on an mobile application frontend development for college using reactNative
https://github.com/nizam-chenath/majlis-app
:- PocketPilot web app (mern)
it is a complete full-stack web application for handling and comparing our daily expenses. It is
developed with react,redux,express,mongodb
https://pocketpilot.netlify.app/
:- Highlights
A web application for watching football highlights developed using reactJS with integrated API
https://highlights2022.netlify.app/
:- Quiz app
A web application for improving knowledge with quiz . It is developed using reactJS with integrated
API
https://quiz-22.netlify.app/
 
SCSS
Git
Figma
Tailwind CSS
UX/UI
Redux
ExpressJS
NodeJS
mongoDB
Bootstrap
Rest API
Firebase
2018 - 2020
govt. Rajahs kottakkal
Higer secondary (Xll)
P O R T F O L I O S
Github:-
LinkedIn:- 
https://github.com/nizam-chenath
https://www.linkedin.com/in/niz
amudheen-c-5971b7216/
S O F T  S K I L L S
Communication, Time Managment, Patience, Adaptability, Quick learner, Self
Learner, Collaborator & Team worker, Self Motivation

Proactive and passionate Visual Experiential Designer with good communication 
skills and fast learning capabilities, open minded to learn new things specific to
the company goals, hands on experience with multiple personal level and 
internship projects. Looking for entry level opportunities to grow my skills and 
contribute towards organization goals.
CV ‘
Info.
Education
Skills
Experience
Expertise
Motion Graphic Designer
Learntus Tech. Pvt. Lmt.
2019 / 20
Illustrations
Sketching
Motion Graphic
User Interface
User Research
Prototyping
Presentation 
Mapping
Branding
Animation Certification
Lucknow University
MAAC
Bachelor of Commerce ( B.Com.)
About
7041906631
# 281/92 Mawaiya, Lucknow
speedsterakaflash@gmail.com
22
2014 / 17
2018 / 20
2020 / 22
Visual Designer ( M.Des.)
Ps
Ai
Ae
Pr
Figma
Blender
Unitedworld Inst. of Design
Branding design for clients product
2D Vector motion design.

Ms. Rupal Ghaywat
Contact no: 9284500876
Email id: rupalg0207@gmail.com
Objective:
To work in an innovative, competitive and challenging environment, which provides an
opportunity to grow professionally, where I can apply my technical skills and capabilities
to the best of my abilities.
Professional Summary:

1+ Year IT Experience in the areas of Software Developer.

Good knowledge of Python.

Have good expertise in PyCharm.

Basic knowledge of MySQL and Django Framework.

Team player, highly productive, Commitment and Result driven in team Projects.

Good experience in creating, modifying GUI based desktop applications.
Professional experience:
Worked as Python Developer in ZROW Solutions, Mira Road,Thane from Jan 2023 to
April 2023.
Worked as Jr. Python Developer in DAG Infotek Pvt. Ltd, Pune from Sep 2021 to Dec
2022
Technical skills:
Browsers
Google Chrome, Firefox, Internet explorer, Microsoft Edge
Operating Systems
Windows-7,10, Kali Linux - 2022.4 Virtual Box
Programming Skills
C,C++, Java, Python
Markup Languages
HTML
Database
MySQL, PostgreSQL ( Basic)
Educational qualification:
Sr.
No
Education
Name Of College
University/Board
Year
Of
Passing
Result
1.
BE (Electronics &
Tele.)
PREC, Loni.
Pune University
2017
69.53%
2.
Diploma(E&TC)
S.
S.
J.
Poly.
Asangaon,
Shahapur.
MSBTE
2014
62.69%
3.
SSC
S.
C.
S.
V.
Kinhavali.
Mumbai Board
2011
84.91%
Project 1:
Description:
The application is GUI based desktop application by using PyCharm. It
performs functions like update, minus, new and old entries by using
MySQL database. MySQL database makes easy to save and fetch
new and old information.
Environment:
Windows 10, PyCharm.
Role:
Jr. Developer
Responsibilities:
1. Taken active part in all development phases of application.
2. Worked with design team in order to optimize the usability of the
application for the user.
3. Involved in analyzing the client's requirement in application
development and developed code.
4. Build MySQL queries for performing various CRUD operations like
create, update, read and delete.
5. Create database using MySQL, wrote several queries to extract
data from Database.
Project 2:
Description:
This application is to detect and prevent Wi-Fi Network Monitoring
attacks from the Local host. It is also used to detect and prevent
attacks from Websites. Modern GUI used for this application.
Environment:
Windows 10, Python 3.9, PyCharm, Kali Linux
Role:
Jr. Developer
Responsibilities:
1. Understood all the new topics concepts as per client instructions.
2. Searched information which was required for the application.
3. Developed logic for the code.
4. Tested output of each code and solved the errors.
5. Made changes into the codes as per requirements
Personal Details:
Name
: Ghaywat Rupal Ramesh
Date of birth
: 02 July 1995.
Marital status
: Single
Father Name
: Ghaywat Ramesh Ananda
Father's Occupation
: Teacher
Languages known
: English, Hindi, Marathi.
Current Address
: At post- Ramabai Ambedkar Nagar, Adharwadi,
Tq- Kalyan, Dist- Thane, Pin Code- 421301.
Nationality
: Indian
Declaration:
I hereby declare that all the Information and facts given above are true to best of my
knowledge and belief.
Place: Kalyan
Date:
/ /
(Rupal Ghaywat)

Peiyi (Dana) Wang 
Piccadilly Residence, York, YO19SZ | danaw0927@gmail.com | 07579951290 
 
Photography Portfolio 
https://danawang.mystrikingly.com/ 
 
EDUCATION 
University of York 
BSc in Film and Television Production 
 
 
 
 
 
     09/2021-06/2024 
During my study at the University of York, I took these modules: Writing for Film&Tv, Creative 
Sound&Image, Studio Production, Filmmaking, Cinema&Television History and Analysis, The Science 
of Sound and Cinematography etc. I have a good command of industrial script writing, studio 
producing, camera operating, directing, colour grading and editing. 
 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
University of York 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            York, England  
Peer Assistant Learning Leader  
 
 
 
 
 
      03/2023-Present 
Encourage peer students' autonomy on modules for BSc Film and Television Production degree, as a 
mentor, I have a strong knowledge of sound and image aspects with strong communication skills. 
 
UK-China Film Collab - Odyssey 2023 Film Festival 
 
 
 
           York, England 
Leader of Public Relation Team (Internships) 
 
 
 
 
      02/2023-Present 
Build a positive image for Odyssey 2023 (UK-China Film Festival) in the film industry and assist other 
PR-related work. Gained well teamwork skills and how to connect with editors, press and media 
platforms professionally with knowing the process of film festival promotion. 
 
The Old Siam 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            York, England 
Front of House   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     12/2022-05/2023 
Serving guests in the restaurant, including checking reservations, taking orders, delivering food, and 
resetting tables. It offers me the ability to work under a high-paced pressure environment. 
 
Freelancer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            York, England 
Photographer  
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
      03/2021-Present 
Took portraits of more than 50 graduates in York, Durham, and Coventry. Took candid photos for the 
band society and the Med students at their department ball. Familiar with different DSLR cameras 
and Adobe software with well communication skills with clients. 
 
University of York 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            York, England  
Student Ambassador 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
      12/2021-Present 
Promote the visibility of the University of York in China by producing creative and interesting content 
related to students' campus life, familiar with script writing, storyboard design, video filming and 
editing. 
 
Freelancer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Social Media Blogger   
 
 
 
 
 
 
      09/2021-Present 
Create creative content relating to personal experiences, gaining cumulative 11k likes and collects, 
and 800+ followers. 
 
Shinyway Education 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      Hangzhou, China 
IELTS Teaching Assistant (Internships)  
 
 
 
 
     06/2021-08/2021 
Help students practice and improve English listening and speaking skills by offering one-hour 
tutorials frequently.  
 
 
VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE 
Leeds International Film Festival (LIFF)/ INDIs 2023 
 
 
       
         Leeds, England 
Film Crew/Videographer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     11/2022-02/2023 
Record raw footage and assist with the production work. 
 
Chinese Students & Scholars Association York (CSSAYORK) 
 
     
            York, England 
A member of the Department of Event Arrangement 
 
 
         
     11/2020-07/2022 
Planned and organized activities for Chinese students in York - the Chinese New Year Fete Exhibition 
and the Chinese Spring Festival Gala. 
 
International Pathway College  
 
 
       
 
        
            York, England 
Management Team Member of Green Impact Society  
 
 
     09/2020-05/2021 
Promote the concept of “sustainability” on social media in Yorkshire, mainly focused on content 
creation and graphic design.  
 
Gapper International 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          Qinghai, China 
A participant in the Qinghai Environment Protection Program  
 
    08/2020-08/2020 
Clean litter on Qinghai Lake and Hoh Xil; turning the green concept into reality, gaining strong team 
working and environment protection consciousness. 
 
China Biodiversity Conservation and Green Development 
 
 
      Hangzhou, China 
Remote video editor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     03/2020-06/2020 
Collect and edit videos relating to environmental-friendly events on Tik Tok to raise public 
awareness of environmental protection and gain more than 20k video likes. 
 
PROJECTS 
Studio Show - Slashies  
           
Director, Producer, Scriptwriter, VT Filming, 
GFXs Maker 
 
Short Film - Mask 
 
           
Director, Director of Photography, Camera 
Op, Producer, Editor, Colourist  
 
     
Short Film - iWork 
         
           
Director of Photography, Camera Op 
 
 
 
 
 
     
Short Film - Rock and Old 
           
Director of Photography, Camera Op 
 
      
Short Film - Inside Victoria's Handbag   
Director of Photography, Camera Op 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
Short Film - Good Grief  
           
Director of Photography, Camera Op 
 
 
 
     
Short Film - The Man Who Fell From The Sky 
1st Assistant Camera 
 
 
 
 
Studio Show - Tasters: Mince Pie Edition 
Production Assistant, VT Filming  
 
Short Film - LOST KEY  
 
 
Script Writer, Editor and Sound Designer
 
 
 
 
 
    
Studio Show - Off the Beat  
 
 
Production Assistant, VT Filming  
 
SKILLS  
Languages:  
Mandarin- Native 
English - C1 Advanced 

 
 
  
 
An enthusiastic and high energy driven professional aiming for a suitable technical role with an organization of high repute 
offering challenging work profile preferably in London, UK 
 
P R O F I L E  S U M M A R Y  
 
  
A focused and goal oriented professional with zeal to make a winning career in International Business, Data Science, Digital 
Marketing, and Next Generation Sequencing (NGS). 
  
Awareness of international markets, compliance, rules & regulations for various business operations, advertising and 
marketing plans to enhance growth, various promotional programs, customer relationship management, business 
development, and so on acquired during PGDM-International Business at L.N. Welingkar Institute. 
  
Insightful knowledge of various online marketing activities gained through certification in digital marketing including social 
media presence maintenance, content design, digital communications, etc. 
  
Profound understanding of data mining, predictive modelling, data manipulation, statistical analysis, programming, 
customer segmentation & forecasting acquired through certification in Data Science; comfort in manipulating and analysing 
complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying data sources and big data sources. 
  
Strong problem solving and analytical skills with the desire to apply those skills in analyzing complex business problems 
  
Team player with the ability to work in multicultural environments; ability to thrive under tight deadlines and high-pressure 
situations 
  
An ambitious & hardworking individual with excellent relationship management skills and the ability to manage time 
effectively; capability to work effectively in a fast-paced, cross functional, and sometimes highly pressured. 
 
E D U C A T I O N  
 
  
MBA Global Business, Coventry University, London Campus                                                                            ongoing 
  
PGDM-International Business, L.N. Welingkar Institute of Mgmt. Research & Development 
 
2020 
  
M.Sc. (Bioinformatics), Guru Nanak Khalsa College of Arts, Science & Commerce (Autonomous) 
2020 
  
B.Sc. (Chemistry), Mumbai University 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2018 
 
P R O F E S S I O N A L  E X P E R I E N C E  
 
  
 Management Trainee at Piramal NextGen (October2021 -March 2022) 
 
➢ Learned aspects of business by shadowing senior management through daily functions. 
➢ Contributed to customer service leadership and direction in collaboration with the management team. 
➢ Studied business administration, payroll, budgeting, and accounting. 
➢ Trained diligently in different operational areas to improve business knowledge. 
➢  Helped leadership develop and implement strategic action plans to achieve performance and 
operational    objectives. 
➢ Assisted with identifying qualified applicants, conducting interviews, and providing feedback to 
inform hiring decisions. 
➢ Generated sales and labour reports as part of daily operations. 
➢ Enforced adherence to company standards related   to   performance and attendance. 
➢ Handled administrative, operational, and sales need to support senior management. 
      Operations Intern at Tasco Petrochem (December 2020 - September 2021). 
➢ Ensured all standard operating procedures are followed including cash handling, inventory 
management, and loss prevention procedures. 
SEJAL SANADI   
Mobile:  +44-7799159547     
E-Mail: sejalsanadi@gmail.com 
  
LinkedIn: Sejal Sanadi 
  
 
 London, UK  
      
    
➢ Completed all other assigned tasks and duties as directed by department leadership. 
 
C E R T I F I C A T I O N S  
 
  
Data Science                                                                                                                                                                                      
  
Digital Marketing             
  
Business Analytics           
  
Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) 
 
 
Skills Set 
 
  
Adaptable Communication Style 
  
Strong Delegation & Leadership 
  
Ability to Work in a Dynamic & Changing Environment 
  
Planning & Organisational Management Skills 
  
Time management 
 
  
Cross Functional Collaboration 
  
Goal Oriented Approach 
  
Productive Enhancement 
  
Digital Marketing 
  
Business Analysis 
 
S O C I A L  E N G A G E M E N T S  
 
  
Active member of Khalsa College - Beach Cleaning Initiative 
  
Active Member of Khalsa College - Orphanage Aid 
 
E X T R A C U R R I C U L A R  A C T I V I T Y  
 
  
Took part in college fest and assisted in conducting the fest 
 
H O B B I E S  
 
  
Reading   Travelling   Yoga & Meditation 
 
 

                                                   Rohit Sharma 
E-Mail:-rs4774442@gmail.com 
Mobile Number:-7838884781 
 
 
Career Objective:- 
To achieve personal and professional growth in development field to work in and to accept 
challenging job opportunities, which could reveal my inner talent and help me emerge as 
competent and satisfy my urge to learn more and more. 
 
EDUCATION                                                                   
G.D Goenka University                                                                     2018-2020 
M.A Economics                                                                                  Gurgaon  
 
 
Skills 
  Python   Flask   Django   Django Rest Framework  PostgreSql   Git   Dialogflow  
 
Employment History 
 
EVC Ventures Pvt. Ltd.                                                                    Gurgaon 
Python Developer                                                                                Feb 2021- May 2023 
Responsibilities: Development, Support and Management of the product. 
Technical Stack: Python, Flask, Django, Django Rest Framework, PostgreSQL. 
Projects 
 
Created a Python CLI tool utilizing Dialogflow API to generate detailed CSV reports on intent 
matching accuracy, enabling users to optimize their models effectively. 
 
Developed a BOT Dump Tool using Python and the Dialogflow API to efficiently retrieve and 
store over 30,000 data records in CSV format, enabling seamless data management and 
analysis. 
 
Implemented a login API for the chatbot using Python Flask framework, facilitating secure user 
authentication and authorization processes, ensuring seamless integration of the chatbot with 
the backend system. 
 
Responsible for writing webhook responses in Python Flask for the chatbot, enabling dynamic 
actions and seamless integration with external services and APIs. 
 Demonstrated strong problem-solving skills in identifying and resolving technical 
challenges related to the chatbot's API and integration processes. 
 Led the setup of the chatbot on Dialogflow, configuring intents, entities, and responses 
to enhance conversational capabilities and ensure a seamless, user-friendly experience. 
 
 
 
 
 

 Jagadish M 
 Full-Stack Developer 
 
Hard working individual with good problem solving aptitude 
jagadishchodry@gmail.com 
 
+91-9008468483 
 
linkedin.com/in/jagdish-M/
 
EXPERIENCE 
FACE Prep 
Full-Stack  Development Trainer                                   Feb,2023 - Apr,2023 
  
Implemented 20+ live projects with students in master-class. 
  
Solved Doubts on MERN stack. 
 
FunctionUp 
Full-Stack  Development Trainee                                   May,2022 - Jan,2023 
  
Up skilling in Full Stack Web Developer by using Node.JS , 
Express , MongoDB & React.JS. 
  
Built backend of 5 group projects with my teammates  
 
 
Major Full- Stack Projects 
 
 Ecommerce- Shopping website                                               [ Deploy link ] 
  
Developed backend and frontend of a shopping website 
using JWT for  auth feature & Bcrypt for passwords. 
  
Used React-Router-Dom for Single page Application. 
  
Used Bootstrap 5 to make Better UI. 
 
 
URL Shortener 
[ Deploy link ] 
  
Developed Full stack of a website like TinyURL which shortens 
a long URL using shortId npm package. 
  
Used Redis for caching urls to improve performance. 
  
Used ReactJs for Frontend. 
 
Infinite Photo Scroll  
[ Deploy link ] 
  
A website which is exact similar to Pexels with desired 
Photo search. 
  
Used Unsplash api  to fetch photo on application , for infinite 
scroll used Global object properties of scroll bar. 
 
 
 
EDUCATION 
 
SAPTHAGIRI COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING, BANGALORE 
B.Tech ECE - 7.85 CGPA                                   Aug,2017 - Aug,2021 
 
MES BRS PU COLLEGE, BANGALORE 
XII - 81.33%                                                       April,2015 - May,2017 
 
S G National High School, BANGALORE 
X - 75.52%                                                   April,2014 - May,2015 
 
 
 
SKILLS 
 
  
Javascript , HTML  & CSS 
 
  
Node.JS 
 
  
ExpressJS 
 
  
MongoDB 
 
  
React.JS & Redux  
 
  
VS Code, Postman & Rest APIs 
 
  
Redis, JWT & Bcrypt 
 
  
CORS, Axios 
 
  
Data Structures & Algorithms 
 
  
Bootstrap & Material UI 
 
  
Team work & Leadership 
 
 
Interests 
 
  
Coding 
 
  
Sports 
 
 
 
ACHIEVEMENTS 
 
  
1st Prize in ckt debugging 
 
 
 
Personal Information 
 
Nationality: Indian 
Gender: Male 
Date of Birth: 05/06/1999 
Languages: English, Hindi, Kannada 

Muskan Sharma
Indore, MP | 452009
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/muskan-sharma-b7227720a
Github: https://github.com/Muskansharma78642
Muskansharma78642@gmail.com 📧 | 9644010280
📞
Objective
To explore my preferences and strengthen my skill set in technology, Learning, and working in a
progressive environment and contribute towards something innovative and revolutionary.
Technical Skills
React.js,Redux, Next.js
JavaScript, C, C++, Apex, Python SQL
HTML, CSS, SCSS
Git,GitHub, Bitbucket
Salesforce Admin & Dev
Database: PostgreSQL
Windows, Linux
Education
Year
Grade
Institute
2019- 2022
BCA
DAVV
2018- 2019
12th
Chameli Devi Public School
2016- 2017
10th
Chameli Devi Public School
Professional Experience
Associate Software Engineer
JAN 2022 - Current | Techcoopers Software Solutions Pvt Ltd
 
1 year experience of working in React.js Project following agile and scrum, following strict deadlines.
 
5 months of experience of working in Salesforce CRM based projects
Trainings
 
2 months of Industrial training in React.js, Next.js and Salesforce CRM.
Achievements
Secured 1st position in college level during graduation.
Strengths
Areas of Improvement
- My strengths are hardworking
- Too critical about myself
- Self-motivated and patience
- Overthinking
Soft Skills
Personal Details
- Creative, Flexible,
Name - Muskan Sharma
- Team player, Quick learner,
Father's Name - Mr. Manish Sharma
- Expressive, Respectful
DOB - 11 / JAN / 2001
Hobbies
Marital Status - Unmarried
- Reading Books
Language - Hindi, English
- Occasionally Cooking
Declaration
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
Date: 01 - MAY - 2023
Muskan Sharma

Constellation4 Health
June '22 - Present
Executed a complete design overhaul of the JAANO Citizen Participation Platform, on 
web, mobile web, android and iOS app.
Designed the new JAANO EMitra platform, owning the complete design process and 
usability testing, collaborating with the PM and Tech lead for the same.
Conducted user research and designed the information architecture for the Swaniti 
Initiative website.
Collaborated with the PM to segment users and conduct user interviews and usability 
testing for both Jaano Citizen Participation Platform and EMitra platform.
Conducted workshops and brainstorming sessions with the internal team to align the 
team with the product mission and resolve sticking points.
May '21 - May ‘22
Mar '20 - Apr ‘21
behance.net/navonilroy1
linkedin.com/in/navonil-roy-7bba4b192
Freelance
UI/UX Designer
Product Designer
UI/UX Designer
behance.net/navonilroy1   roynavonil102@gmail.com
Navonil Roy
Swaniti Initiative
Owning high impact projects in 4 teams, collaborating with POs, Tech leads,  Marketing 
team and Delivery Managers to design solutions for US healthcare industry.
Designed the C4 Intelligent Network Manager solution and C4 Referral Management for 
“PCP” solution, owning the complete design process and collaborating with the PO 
and Tech lead for the same.
Owned the complete design process and delivered several projects including Aloy 
Studio, UX evaluation and revamp of Frinza, UI/UX revamp of KonnectzIT product.
Collaborated with the PMs and Developers of the respective teams in agile startup 
environments to ideate, design, test and iterate towards the best solutions.
Contributing directly to sales effort by creating custom  Interactive Prototypes that 
are used for Client Demos.
Laid down the foundations for the C4 design system that is being used across all C4 
solutions.
Revamped the C4 Provider Data Management and C4 Referral Management  
for “Specialist” solutions and aligned it to the C4 design system.
Portfolio
LinkedIn
roynavonil102@gmail.com
+91 8582938215
Experience
Design Tools:
Design Skills:
                                Adobe XD, 
Figma, Sketch, Miro, Webflow, 
Invision, Illustrator, Photoshop
                                User research, Personas, Competitive Analysis, Design Workshop, 
Information architecture, Journey Mapping, UX design, Iteration, UI design, Interactive 
Prototype, Usability Testing, A/B testing, Client and Stakeholder Presentations
Skills
Links
Contacts
Email
Phone
Bachelor of Technology
May '21
Heritage Institute of Technology
Electronics & Instrumentation
Education

Mohamed Yasir
mohamedyasir767@gmail.com
91 7539946430
Chennai
EDUCATION
Bachelor Of Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Engineer
St. Mother Theresa Engineering College
2017  2021
CGPA 8.00/10
PROJECTS
EV CAR Dashboard
May 2023  May 2023
https://www.behance.net/gallery/170203073/EV-car-Dash-
Board
EV control is User friendly control, EV equipped with smart
phone apps that allow drivers to monitor their vehicle, control
certain function and even schedule charging time remotely.
UI should include features such as alerts for low battery
warning.
SKILLS
Figma
Intermediate
UI & UX Design
Intermediate
Blender 3D
Intermediate
WORK SAMPLES
Behance portfolio link
https://www.behance.net/gallery/170203073/EV-car-Dash-
Board
ADDITIONAL DETAILS
I have Udemy e certificate
https://www.udemy.com/share/106l7O3Bc6ndBnQR88jVJy
OswSWLayKp-
Bp54S8cNBs__yoPkhz1tVZ67g8ozi7Ct4l4ESnhw==/

Undavalli sravya
Software engineer
sravya.undavalli11@gmail.com
9256906088
PROFILE
Highly motivated and dedicated software engineering student with a passion for developing innovative
solutions. Possess a strong foundation in programming languages, algorithms, and data structures.
Committed to continuously learning and keeping up-to-date with the latest industry trends and technologies.
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills, coupled with effective communication and teamwork abilities.
Excels in fast-paced environments and thrives on challenges that require creative thinking. Seeking an
opportunity to apply academic knowledge and gain practical experience in a dynamic software development
role.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Technology (B.TECH)
Manipal University Jaipur
Enrolled in computer science and engineering with a strong academic 
performance, maintaining a CGPA of 8.73. Anticipated completion of Program by 
2024.
2020 - 2024
Jaipur, Rajasthan
High school diploma
Sasi junior college
Completed intermediate education with a remarkable CGPA of 9.84. Specialized in 
Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry (MPC) subjects.
2018 - 2020
Eluru
Secondary school of education
Sasi English Medium school
Achieved a perfect cumulative grade point average (CGPA) of 10.00
2017 - 2018
Eluru, Andhrapradesh
PROJECTS
Monkey pox detection using Deep learning
Accomplished deep learning professional in developing and implementing CNN image recognition models for 
monkeypox virus detection. leveraging advanced convolutional neural networks to accurately identify and 
classify monkeypox virus images, contributing to effective disease control strategies. Demonstrated expertise 
in image processing and delivering impactful results.
Bank loan status prediction using machine learning
Experienced machine learning practitioner adept at utilizing random forest algorithms for bank loan status 
prediction. 
Online library management system
Online library management system is a comprehensive web-based solution designed to streamline and 
automate library operations. It enables efficient management of library resources, including book cataloging, 
user management, borrowing and returning books, reservation management, fine calculation, and reporting. 
software engineering project which includes Unified modelling language.
Weather forecast using React
Weather forecast application developed using React, providing users with real-time weather information and 
forecasts. The application leverages React's component-based architecture to deliver an interactive and 
responsive user interface.
SKILLS
Python
Proficient in Python programming language, with experience in developing scalable and efficient 
applications. Skilled in utilizing Python libraries and frameworks for various purposes, data analysis (NumPy, 
Pandas).
Machine Learning
Strong understanding of machine learning concepts and algorithms. Experience in developing and 
implementing machine learning models for tasks such as classification, regression, and clustering. Familiarity 
with popular machine learning libraries like TensorFlow.
Deep Learning
Proficient in deep learning techniques and frameworks, with a strong understanding of neural networks and 
their architectures. Skilled in designing and training deep learning models for various tasks, such as image 
classification, object detection, and natural language processing. Experienced in working with popular deep 
learning libraries like TensorFlow. Convolutional Neural Networks In-depth knowledge of CNNs, a powerful 
class of deep learning models widely used for computer vision tasks. Experienced in applying CNNs for tasks 
such as image recognition and feature extraction.
Web Development
Front-End Development: Good front-end web development, with expertise in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. 
Skilled in creating interactive and user-friendly web interfaces using modern web standards and best 
practices. 
JavaScript Frameworks/Libraries:  working with JavaScript frameworks and libraries such as React. 
Back-End Development: Familiarity with back-end development concepts and technologies, including server-
side programming languages like Node.js.
Flutter
Good in Flutter, a cross-platform framework for building mobile applications. Android and iOS platforms 
using Flutter's reactive UI framework. 
Dart: knowledge of the Dart programming language, which is the primary language used for Flutter 
development.
MySQL
Knowledge of MySQL database management system, including database design, querying, and optimization.
Microsoft Azure Cloud
Familiarity with Microsoft Azure cloud platform and services.
C Language
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Data Engineer Trainee Intern
Celebal Technologies
05/2023 - 07/2023
Jaipur, Rajasthan
Worked on a team to develop and deploy cloud-based solutions using Azure Cloud 
platform.
Implemented and optimized database solutions using MySQL for efficient data 
storage and retrieval.
Troubleshot and resolved issues related to Azure Cloud services, MySQL database, 
and Python programming.
Wictrenship AI/ML Intern
Wictronix
Vadodra, Gujarat
Collaborated with a team to gather and analyze data, identify patterns, and derive 
actionable insights.
Contributed to the evaluation and selection of appropriate algorithms and 
techniques for various tasks.
Conducted experiments and performed model evaluation, optimization, and 
validation.
Documented findings, methodologies, and results in technical reports and 
presentations.
Kept up-to-date with the latest research and advancements in AI/ML, attending 
relevant workshops or conferences.
Sales force virtual Internship program
Participated in a virtual internship program focused on Salesforce CRM (Customer 
Relationship Management) platform.
Developed a solid understanding of Salesforce architecture, objects, and 
customization capabilities.
Participated in virtual training sessions and workshops to enhance knowledge of 
Salesforce best practices.
CERTIFICATES
Database Foundations, Oracle 
academy
CCNAv7: Introduction to 
Networks, CISCO
Red Hat System 
Administration, Red Hat 
Academy
PYTHON Essentials 1, CISCO
CCNAv7: Switching, Routing, 
and Wireless Essentials, 
CISCO
The Design and Analysis of 
Algorithms, UDEMY
AWARDS
TMA PAI MERIT SCHOLARSHIP (Manipal University Jaipur)
Awarded with one of the MUJ Scholarship Scheme of 50 percent Fee Reimbursement .
LANGUAGES
English
Hindi
Telugu
COURSES
Relational data base management systems
Object oriented programming language
Computer Networks
INTERESTS
content writing | Travel | Reading

 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/stuti08
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
C++
Matlab
Python (Programming Language)
Stuti Verma
Software Engineer 2 at Blaize | Mtech, IIsc Bangalore
Durg, Chhattisgarh, India
Summary
Software Engineer working in the computer hardware industry.
Skilled in Python, Matlab, C++, Data Science, Machine Learning,
and Leadership. Strong engineering professional with a Master's
degree in Computational and Data Sciences from Indian Institute of
Science (IISc). 
Experience
Blaize
4 years 1 month
Software Engineer 2
May 2020 - Present (3 years 3 months)
Hyderabad, Telangana
Software Engineer 1
July 2019 - May 2020 (11 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
Education
Indian Institute of Science (IISc)
Master of Technology - MTech, Computational and Data
Sciences · (2017 - 2019)
NIT RAIPUR
Bachelor's degree, Biotechnology · (2013 - 2017)
 
Page 1 of 1

 
 
Contact
abhinavan2002@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/
abhinavan1639 (LinkedIn)
www.linkedin.com/company/
shapeai-solution/ (Company)
Top Skills
MySQL
Microsoft Excel
REST APIs
Languages
Hindi (Professional Working)
English (Professional Working)
Telugu (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Student Learning Assesment Report 
Google Data Analytics Capstone:
Complete a Case Study
Microsoft Learn Student
Ambassador 
Get Job Ready: Power BI Data
Analytics for All Levels
R for Data Science (RP0101EN)
Honors-Awards
Statistics 101 Badge ️
Data Science Methodologies Badge️
Data Science tools Badge️
Data Analysis using Python Badge ️
R - Programming Essentials Badge️
Publications
-           ️
-    -       ️
-     :             ️
-       -       ️
-           ️
Patents
Abhinavan Sarikonda ️
+ | Founder @ ShapeAI | ❶❺+ Verified Badges @ IBM️ | Google
certified Data Analyst ️ | Python | R | PowerBI | MySQL | Excel |
Tableau | Statistics
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Summary
Hello! . I'm a dedicated Data Science enthusiast with a profound
passion for leveraging data analytics and statistics to drive
meaningful insights and enable data-driven decision-making. 
Having recently graduated from Malla Reddy Engineering
College (MREC) in Hyderabad, I had the privilege of receiving
a comprehensive education that has equipped me with a strong
academic foundation. Throughout my studies, I maintained an
exceptional academic record, graduating with an impressive
aggregate of 87%. 
During my academic journey, I actively refined my communication
skills, recognizing the importance of effectively conveying complex
technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders. I firmly believe
that data storytelling is an integral part of the analytics process. To
this end, I have developed expertise in creating compelling business
intelligence dashboards using tools such as Microsoft Power BI and
Excel. By combining data visualization techniques with insightful
analysis, I ensure that data tells a compelling story that resonates
with the audience. 
I possess a robust skill set in data preprocessing and analysis, which
enables me to extract valuable insights and generate informative
business reports. Proficient in tools like Power BI and Tableau, I am
adept at transforming raw data into meaningful visualizations that
facilitate data-driven decision-making. Moreover, I have extensive
experience working with MySQL and other relational databases,
ensuring efficient data management and retrieval. 
My proficiency extends to the utilization of Python libraries such
as Scikit-Learn, TensorFlow, NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, and
Seaborn. These powerful tools have allowed me to develop machine
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
learning models and perform in-depth data analysis. I believe in the
significance of continuous learning and professional development,
as evidenced by my acquisition of 15+ verified badges from IBM and
75+ licenses and certifications. 
As an advocate of learning in public, I regularly share my
experiences and knowledge with others. I embrace the opportunity to
connect and collaborate with like-minded individuals, as I believe that
knowledge grows when shared. Please feel free to follow/connect
with me to benefit from my insights and experiences. 
Thank you for visiting my LinkedIn profile, and I look forward to
engaging with you and exploring potential opportunities in the
exciting world of data science!
Experience
AtliQ Technologies
Data Analyst intern
June 2023 - Present (2 months)
India
ShapeAI
1 year
Founder
October 2022 - Present (10 months)
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Data Science Career Newsletter Owner & Publisher
September 2022 - Present (11 months)
is a Newsletter created by  ️ with  +  . It features useful articles, videos,
guides, and jobs in the field of data science. For someone who is new to the
data ecosystem and wants to know more, this newsletter can be a very
good starting point.
Feel free to  our Newsletter.
Data Science Enthusiasts (Moderated) Group Owner 
August 2022 - Present (1 year)
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
() is a LinkedIn Group created by  ️ with +  . We're applying rigorous scientific
research methodologies and innovative AI software to solve real-life problems.
Our vision is to remove the ivory tower around scientific research and make it
useful in the real world.  
Feel free to  and be a part our community.
Microsoft
Microsoft Learn Student Ambassador (MLSA)
November 2022 - December 2022 (2 months)
India
: to collect the raw data through web-scraping and predict the approximate
house price that can help an individual to determine the selling price of the
house in a specific Region.
: Data of 3000 flats in 20+ cities which reposits the information of no.
of bedrooms, area, address, parking information etc is gathered from
homelane.com through web-scrapping. Performed Exploratory Data Analysis
and Performance Metric using Matplotlib and Scikit-Learn libraries. 
: Predicted the approximate house price with 83.24% accuracy and 79.28%
recall.
Coincent.ai
Data Science with Python Internship 
September 2022 - October 2022 (2 months)
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
iNeuron.ai
Machine Learning Engineer
May 2022 - October 2022 (6 months)
India
: To find an effective way of predicting whether a potential borrower will repay
a loan or not and label them as 0 or 1 based on the repayment status of the
customer using classification. 
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
: Past 15 years Data of 4000+ customers was collected from
DeutscheBank.com through web scrapping. Developed a ML model and
trained that model with the structured data set. Deployed and tested entire
source code which is written in modular fashion.
: Improved the accuracy of the model from 76.2% to 86.61% and obtained
recall >85%.
The Sparks Foundation
Web Developer
April 2022 - May 2022 (2 months)
India
(   )
️ Developed a Basic Banking system which is a Web application that used to
transfer money between multiple users (Project Consists of 25 Dummy Users).
A dummy user can also be created. 
️ Used HTML for layout and CSS for styling the web application. 
️ Performed Transactions between different users will be stored and displayed
at History Section.
Education
Malla Reddy Engineering College
Bachelor of Technology - BTech, Electronics and Communications
Engineering (ECE) · (June 2019 - July 2023)
Coursera
Google Data Analytics Professional Certificate , Data Processing and Data
Processing Technology/Technician · (April 2022 - October 2022)
Cognitive Class
Deep Learning with TensorFlow, Computer and Information Sciences and
Support Services · (July 2022 - August 2022)
Sri Chaitanya College of Education
Class - XII, MPC · (June 2017 - April 2019)
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
Sri Chaitanya Techno School, Bangalore
Class - X  · (February 2016 - March 2017)
 
Page 5 of 5

 
Panchal Krunal 
Web Designer / UI Designer 
61 Shyamvilla Soc, 
Kathwada, Ahmedabad 
7383085019 
Krunalpanchal54252@ 
gmail.com 
DOB - ​25/02/1999 
 
EXPERIENCE 
Adit Microsys Pvt Ltd, Ahmedabad — ​Web Designer 
November 2019 - PRESENT 
Handling all composition, color, illustration, typography, and branding for 
projects. Check websites regularly for the functionality of elements and 
accuracy of page information. Creating images and layouts. Building 
wireframes & prototypes which were then turned into functional and 
responsive digital websites. 
EDUCATION 
ECIT Training Center, Ahmedabad— ​High school Diploma 
April 2019 - November 2019 
Web Designing - A + 
KK Shah Jarodwala College, Maninagar— ​Undergraduate 
2017 - 2018 
Bachelor of Science -  2nd class 
VIP International School 
2015 - 2017 
PROJECTS 
 
MG Sci Institute 
SME String  
Universal Medicap 
Mavenvista Webinar 
Gujarat Liver Foundation 
Dharmadev Infrastructure 
Aquatics 
Luzon University 
Swaminarayan Dham School 
 
 
SKILLS 
Coding : ​HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, 
JS, Bootstrap, Wordpress, 
Software :​  Adobe XD, Adobe 
Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, 
CorelDraw, Indesign 
Interaction :​ Prototyping, 
Wireframing, User testing,  
LANGUAGES 
Gujarati, Hindi, English 
 

Aditya Maurya
ameditya786@gmail.com | +91-6388277158
EXPERIENCE
INSURANCEDEKHO | Full Stack Developer
Jul 2022 - Mar 2023
  Developed an automated pdf uploader service that downloads
approximately 50,000 PDF renewal notices per month from gmail
and uploads to the cloud and distributes them to various services.
Tech Stack : Typescript,NodeJs,ExpressJs,MongoDB,REST APIs
  Developed a notification and dialer disposition feature for the lead
management system, which reduced sales team's excel sheet use by
50 %.
Tech Stack:PHP,MySQL
  Designed a customer life cycle journey on campaign manager for
sending event-based communications to renewal customers
throughout the year, thereby aiding increment in customer retention
by 20%.
Tech Stack:Javascript,NodeJs,MySQL
  Implemented complete KYC journey on lead management system
where documents of customer can be uploaded and verified.
Tech Stack:JQuery,PHP,DOM manipulation
  Fixed bugs in renewal lead creation api that enhanced relevant lead
volume to 90%.
Tech Stack:Javascript,NodeJs,MySQL,MongoDB
MEDICENTO
| ML Intern
May 2021- Jul 2021
  Worked on Facial emotion detection model with team of AI division at
Medicento.
  Used Haar-Cascade Classifier for face detection.
  Designed and trained deep learning model on 7 classes of emotions
using Keras API of Tensorflow and achieved accuracy of 70%.
  Designed a web application of model using Flask.
PROJECTS
EXPENSE TRACKER | app-link | source-code
Mar 2023
  Created single page react app where user can add expense along with
title,date and user can filter expenses year-wise by using react
useState ,hooks ,two-way-binding and state-lifting.
  Added dynamic chart for each month to visualise relative expenses
month-wise
  Hosted the app on Firebase.
Tech Stack:Javascript,ReactJs,JSX,HTML,CSS
ACHIEVEMENTS
  JEE Advanced 2018: Secured an AIR of 6377.
  Awarded 2nd Prize in CodingBad ( Hackathon) at InsuranceDekho.
  Solved 500+ DSA problems on various coding platforms.
EDUCATION
IIT(BHU)
B.Tech | Electronics Engineering
CGPA: 8.06
2018-2022
CENTRAL HINDU BOYS SCHOOL
Senior Secondary | CBSE
82.4%
2017
Secondary | CBSE
CGPA:10.0
2015
SKILLS
PROGRAMMING
 JavaScript
  C/C++
  PHP
  NodeJs
  ReactJs
  ExpressJs
  JQuery
  MongoDB
  MySQL
  Data structures
  Algorithms
  Object Oriented Programming
TOOLS AND TECHNOLOGIES
  Git/Github
  Linux
  Jenkins
  Jira
  Postman
  VScode
  Bitbucket
LINKS
Github:// adityamaurya1512
LinkedIn:// adityamaurya1512
Leetcode:// aditya1512
GeeksForGeeks:// adityamauryaece18

eshnamalhotra@gmail.com
+44 7436 568177
+971 522832802
Eshna
Malhotra
EMDI Institute of media and communication 
Dubai 2018
was with the media and advertising firm where I was doing
their graphics. I was given multiple tasks such as
designing a wall mural for their alumni and recreating a
yearbook for their company. The yearbook I created for
EMDI was for the company's alumni which were then
handed out to almost 500 people at their award ceremony. 
Event management course EMDI
 also did a one week course on event management with
them where I had to attend lectures on event
management. After learning the basics of event
management I put my practice into reality. I had to
organise a children's event at dragon mart 2 which is a
new mall that opened in Dubai and helps advertise for
them. The event overall was pretty successful as many
people attended. I also had to help the company find
partnerships that would come for their end of the year
awards ceremony. 
Penny for many initiative
Dubai & Banglore 2019-2020
3 years ago I started my own charity based in Dubai. I
started my own non-profit initiative to help intellectually
challenged people in India and cancer patients who can't
afford food. By using one of my strengths and passions I
came across the idea of painting on bags and selling them
for charity. Using social media created a trend on social
media ' #maskitup' this was so successful and I was able
to raise enough money for the poor for at least a few
months. The non-profit organisation penny for many is still
running and we do events in exhibitions such as Numaish
however with the corona situation I haven't been able to do
much. 
WORK HISTORY
SKILLS AND PROFICIENCIES
Networking with people and
building relationships for
business opportunities
 Teamwork, multitasking, and
attention to detail
adobe photoshop ,illustrator,
editing films
English college Dubai
UAL (University of the Arts London)
LCC (London college of
communications)- media
communication 2021-2024 
CAL ARTS - online graphic design
graduate
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
Eshna
Malhotra
eshnamalhotra@gmail.com
+44 7436 568177
+971 522832802
CODE 8 Studio
Dubai 2021
I interned with the advertising agency where we grew big
brand conglomerates and creative deliveries through the
form of marketing. When Interned with them I worked on the
repackaging designs of Pringles for their hot and spicy chips
in the UAE. Where we successfully delivered a collaborative
design that differs from their competitors. I then worked on
a manifesto for the UAE water brand Al ain water and came
up with a billboard idea for the EXPO 2020 3D model
campaign they are exhibiting. Furthermore, I also helped
with the Galaxy chocolate Ramadan ad which was launched
for 2021 Ramadan. 
Protoplasm  Studio
London 2021
I worked with them as a head senior graphic designer and
helped them revamp their website. After making their
website on illustrator I also helped one of their clients
design their app which is called happily ever after (getting
launched in Singapore), it is a health care app that works
similar to apple health but with more features.
MVM Enterprise Events
London 2022
I worked here doing their social media marketing for the
company. Where I would come up with creative quirky
content ideas in order to make posts and engage with
audiences. I also extended their social media and made a
youtube and TikTok account and increased their Instagram
following by 45%. Along with working on their social media I
would research and help find sponsorships for the company
to host events with a twist at different locations and styles.
 
WORK HISTORY

Full Stack Data Scientist - iNeuron
(09/2022 - Present) 
Completed comprehensive training on Python
programming, 
statistical 
analysis, 
Machine
Learning, databases, and APIs.
End-To-End ML and DL - Udemy
(10/2021 - 01/2022) 
Acquired 
expertise 
in 
data 
creation, 
data
preprocessing, EDA, and a wide range of machine
learning algorithms and deep learning models.
DSA - AlgoExpert.io (11/2021 - 01/2022) 
Successfully completed over 100 algorithmic
problems and developed strong problem-solving
skills in data structures and algorithms. 
C E R T I F I C A T E S
GARV SONI
D A T A  S C I E N T I S T
I N T R O D U C T I O N
W O R K  E X P E R I E N C E
Recent graduate in Computer Science and Engineering with a
strong background in Data Science. I am skilled in data creation,
programming languages, and analysis. I am experienced in end-
to- end project management, database optimization, and team
collaboration. Possess strong time management, leadership, and
problem-solving skills. Eager to contribute to a company's growth
and success. 
Created a comprehensive image dataset for an instance
segmentation model, focusing on ensuring 100% accuracy and
optimal performance across all scenarios. 
Successfully completed multiple end-to-end layout detection
with text extraction projects, achieving an accuracy rate of
92+%. 
Set up pre-trained models, exposing them as endpoints via
Docker on cloud platforms such as AWS, GCP, and Azure.
Developed pipelines for multiple projects using multiple
models simultaneously to obtain final results and improve
project efficiency. 
Optimized a SQL database by 70%, including designing and
implementing APIs for data access and manipulation.
Worked on pre-existing projects, identifying and resolving
errors to make them usable. 
Organized daily Scrum meetings and provided onboarding and
training support to new team members, including guidance on
organizational goals, processes, and responsibilities. 
HertzAI
Full-Stack Data Scientist
Feb 2022-Present
S K I L L S
Python
Machine Learning  
DSA
Computer Vision
NLP 
APIs
Power BI 
MySQL
MongoDB
Docker 
Cloud
(AWS,
Azure, GCP)
Git
CI/CD
pipelines
HTML/CSS
E D U C A T I O N
P E R S O N A L  P R O J E C T S
B-Tech (CSE),  Maharishi Dayanand
University (2019-2022)
Dean's List (top 5% of the class) for academic
excellence in all semesters. 
Final year project: Developed a Full end-to-end
Message Spam classifier. 
Polytechnic (CSE), Sh. Chhotu Ram
Polytechnic (2016-2019)
Dean's List (top 5% of the class) for academic
excellence in all semesters. 
Course work included: Database Management,
Programming 
Languages 
(C, 
C++, 
Java),
Entrepreneurship Development, etc. 
L A N G U A G E S
Hindi 
English
7982760955
soni.garv719@gmail.com
Rohtak, Haryana
linkedin.com/in/garv-soni-
23012001/
github.com/GarvSoni
Diamond Price Prediction (03/2023 - 04/2023)
Movie Recommendation System (04/2023 - Present) 
Real-Time Emotion Detection (02/2023 - 03/2023)
created a End-to-end Project with to predict diamond prices with linear
regression. Included EDA, data split, model training, and prediction. Project
was dockerized and deployed to the cloud with GitHub CI/CD. 
Creating a Movie Recommendation System using the MovieLens 20M dataset. 
Developed a real-time Deep Learning model for Real-Time Emotion Detection,
with seven classes: Happy, Fear, Disgust, Angry, Neutral, Sad, and Surprise, and
achieved an accuracy of 85%. 

Nitin Sutrakar
nitins2332@gmail.com                  +917390094458                            nitins2332        
Education
Skills
React JS
Rest APIs
Redux
Router
Material UI
Node JS
Express JS
Mongo DB
GitHub
Python
Java Script
      My Projects
nitins2332            
Profile Link
  MERN stack E-commerce application        
I have created an Ecommerce website using MERN Stack, which is scalable and future-proof.
I utilized React for the frontend & Redux for state management, while Node JS & Express
were used for the backend with MongoDB as the database. Users are able to add items to
their cart, and the cart system works similarly to that of the Flipkart website.
Project files link
                                                                                                                                                                                 Date - Mar/2023
      Internship
  Internship with codesdope    
As a React Developer, I contributed to the development of a responsive web user interface
with Material UI. I also created reusable UI components with React to speed up
development and reduce code duplication. Furthermore, I designed a dynamic navigation
system using routing to improve user experience and decrease page load times. Lastly, I
contributed to developing asynchronous Redux actions to fetch data from the server and
update the application state.
                                                                                                                                                                                  Date - Aug/2022  To  Feb/2022
      Workshop 
  Server Authentication Workshop  
I developed a secure web application that required user authentication to access sensitive
information or functionality. This involved setting up a server with a database to store user
information and implementing user authentication using tokens or cookies. I designed a
login page for users to enter their credentials and handled login submissions to verify the
user information stored in the database. Additionally, I used Node.js as the server-side
framework and integrated React JS for the frontend to protect routes that required
authentication.
                                                                                                                                                                                     Date - Jun/2022
B.Tech., Computer Science
   JKIAPT, University of Allahabad
   07/2018 - 05/2022
 
Other Skills
Content Creation
Video Editing
Image Editing
      Other Projects
  Chat Application Project
I built a chat application using the MERN Stack with a user-friendly interface designed with
Material UI. The application allows for easy login through user authentication with Google
API. I also added features such as chat functionality and file sharing to enhance the overall
user experience.
Project files link
                                                                                                                                                                                     Date - Jan/2023
  API  Based Project Project files link
I developed a web application using React jS that relied on APIs and designed user interface
components with Material UI. I demonstrated problem-solving skills by efficiently handling
asynchronous data loading and error handling while fetching data from the IMDB API.
Additionally, I learned new skills and technologies as needed to successfully complete all
project tasks.
                                                                                                                                                                                        Date - Nov/2022
  Quiz Application Project                                             
Developed a dynamic quiz platform with 22 categories of multiple-choice questions using
ReactJS. Integrated a user registration feature to allow progress saving and score viewing.
Applied best practices code in front-end development, such as responsive design, to ensure
optimal performance on various devices and browsers.
Project files link
                                                                                                                                                                                            Date - Dec/2021
  Robotics Workshop - 
Participated in a Robotics Workshop and developed a web application to control a robotic
machine using a web interface. Implemented control logic to translate user commands into
actions. Collaborated with team members to improve communication skills.
                                                                                                                                                                                         Date - Dec/2019
Extra Activity

 
Prashant 
Kushwaha 
 
 
 
As an experienced digital marketing professional, I bring a wealth of expertise in developing 
and executing successful online marketing strategies. With a deep understanding of 
consumer behaviour & the latest digital marketing trends, I am able to leverage a variety of 
channels to drive traffic, increase brand awareness, and improve engagement. In addition to 
my technical skills, I am a strong communicator and collaborator, able to work effectively 
with cross-functional teams, stakeholders, and clients. My focus on continuous learning and 
experimentation ensures that I stay ahead of the curve and consistently deliver innovative 
solutions that exceed expectations. 
 
 +917017360849 
Bangalore, KA 
prashantkushwaha191992@gmail.com 
linkedin.com/in/prashant-singh-kushwah 
 
Professional Experience 
 
 
Co-Founder 
Webicasso Technologies | Hardwar, Uttarakhand 
➢ Co-founded and launched start-up, overseeing all 
aspects of digital marketing strategy and execution, 
resulting in Five number revenue within 1st year of 
operation. 
➢ Led digital marketing strategy and execution for 
multiple clients across diverse industries, managing 
budgets of up to ₹5,00,000 per campaign. 
➢ Developed and implemented customized digital 
marketing plans tailored to each client's unique needs 
and goals, resulting in increase in website traffic and 
their online conversions. 
➢ Conducted extensive keyword research and analysis to 
optimize SEO, resulting increase in organic search traffic 
and online visibility. 
➢ Managed paid advertising campaigns on various 
platforms, including Google Ads and Facebook Ads, 
resulting increase in conversions and decrease in cost 
per acquisition. 
➢ Monitored and analyzed campaign performance using 
data-driven insights, producing reports and 
recommendations for ongoing optimization and growth. 
 
Assistant Professor 
Ramanand Institute of Technology | Hardwar, Uttarakhand 
➢ Selected teaching strategies to facilitate learning 
process and effectively communicate subject material. 
➢ Provided students with syllabus or course guide 
summarizing objectives and requirements. 
➢ Coordinated campus activities resulting in increased 
morale and student networking. 
➢ Offered academic support and advice, helping students 
with Jobs. 
➢ Also Plays the Role of Head of Department for 6 Months 
during the absence of Head at that time in the college. 
 
 
Education 
 
2016 
M.Tech in Power Electronics and 
Electric Drives 
DIT University, Dehradun 
 
2014 
B.Tech in Electrical and Electronics 
Engineering 
Uttaranchal University, Dehradun 
 
Key Skills 
 
Search Engine Optimization 
 
 
Social Media Marketing 
 
 
WordPress 
 
 
C, C++ 
 
 
HTML/CSS 
 
 
JAVASCRIPT, React 
 
 
MATLAB 
 
 
Digital Marketing Manager 
2018 - 2023 
2016 - 2018 
 
 
 
 
Digital Marketing Executive 
Freelancer 
➢ Conducted extensive keyword research and analysis to 
optimize SEO, resulting increase in organic search traffic 
and online visibility. 
➢ Drafted strategies for increasing brand awareness and 
improving product sales. 
➢ Measured effectiveness of digital marketing campaigns 
by analyzing click rates, time on site or conversions. 
➢ Communicated marketing team plans and 
accomplishments to verify alignment with senior 
management objectives. 
➢ Monitored industry trends and customer preferences to 
identify new opportunities for growth. 
➢ Developed strategic marketing plans to meet business 
goals and align with overall company objectives. 
➢ Created and managed content for blogs, websites, and 
social media channels. 
➢ Boosted website traffic by creating integrated social 
media strategies. 
➢ Executed digital marketing strategies to drive brand 
awareness. 
 
 
WordPress Developer 
Freelancer 
 
 
➢ Developed custom WordPress Websites from scratch to 
meet clients' specific design and functionality 
requirements. 
➢ Designed and developed responsive WordPress websites 
that are optimized for various devices, screen sizes, and 
browsers. 
➢ Conducted website audits and performed optimization 
tasks to improve website speed, performance, and 
security. 
➢ Worked with clients to understand their business needs 
and translate them into website design and functionality 
requirements and also provide training to use WordPress 
➢ Collaborated with designers, content writers, and other 
developers to deliver high-quality websites within 
project timelines and budgets. 
➢ Provided ongoing website maintenance and support, 
including updates, backups, and security checks, to 
ensure the website is always up-to-date and running 
smoothly. 
➢ Developed and implemented WordPress SEO strategies 
to improve website visibility and search engine rankings. 
➢ Configured and integrated third-party services, such as 
payment gateways, social media platforms, and email 
marketing tools, into the WordPress website. 
 
 
 
Additional Skills 
 
Team Building 
Team Management 
Critical Thinking  
Problem solving 
Team leadership 
Tools 
SEMRUSH 
AHref 
UberSuggest 
Google Adwords 
Google Analytics 
Search Console 
Simulation 
Elementor 
WP Bakery 
DIVI 
CANVA 
Figma 
 
Certificates 
GATE 2014 QUALIFIED 
SPARDHA 2014 
 
Research Papers in International 
Journals 
IRJMST,2015 
IEEE RICE, 2017 
 
2014 - 2017 
2012 - 2016 

Pranjali Gaonkar
London, United Kingdom - +44 74 35 508 504
pranjaligaonkar@gmail.com - LinkedIn
SUMMARY
A budding marketer, creative thinker, and strategic planner. Completed Masters in Strategic Marketing at the
University of Greenwich and obtained a bachelor's degree in media and specialized in Advertising. Skilled in
content creation and marketing research for digital mediums. Highly motivated to embrace any challenges and a
firm believer in continuous learning. Enthusiastic to work individually or in a team to produce the desired result. I
look forward to enhancing my knowledge and skills by working for a marketing organization with a complex
management structure to upgrade my management skills.
EXPERIENCE
Junior Researcher
September 2022 - Present (London)
Bonhill Intelligence
 
Carried out a variety of tasks and duties to support the research function, the research is focused on financial services and
includes tracking forward looking investment strategies of fund selectors across the globe; handling historic fund flow data;
and, compiling extensive ESG data in terms of tracking which funds are rated ESG compliant across some of the major ESG
rating agencies.
 
Ensured the report is accurate by carefully reviewing it and discussing it with other departments.
 
Build relationships by coordinating with the local agencies to present the key data.
 
Liaised with the auditors to measure the team performance consistently.
 
Created surveys and email campaigns to boost the participation of the new customers.
Customer Sales Assistant
June 2022 - September 2022
(London)
Bershka
 
Supervised the cash desk within a timely manner and provided financial reports to the managers.
 
Investigated and resolved customer discrepancies aligned with the management and provided an 85% satisfaction rate.
 
Supervised the incoming delivery and stock replenishment on the floor.
 
Identified and implemented promotional offers for products eventually leading to an upsell.
Sales/Admission Assistant
August 2020 - December 2020
Skillsoft Overseas Education, Mumbai
 
Managed a detailed student database and ensured that the data was updated and kept secured.
 
Catered to the student queries through emails and telephonic conversations. Supported students who did not have English
as their first language and required special assistance.
 
Guided the students with the application process of applying to British universities and assisted them in collating their
documents for the application.
Junior Marketing Assistant
January 2020 - August 2020
GlobalSkill App, Mumbai
 
Designed the creative assets for the products involving multiple creative elements.
 
Successfully pitched multi-channel marketing strategy to various sponsors.
Correspondent
January 2019- December 2019
Adgully Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai
 
Responsible for handling social media content for the company on various platforms for event promotions.
 
Achieved 10% more traffic on media platforms by strategizing SEO techniques.
 
Responsible for writing creative content for the company and engaging various customers.
 
Handled the timely release of the press.
 
Managed and released the transcribes of the video and the audio files.
EDUCATION
MA Strategic Marketing
September 2021 - September 2022 (London)
University of Greenwich, London
Distinction
BA Mass Media
September 2017 - September 2020 (Mumbai
Mumbai University, Mumbai
First Class Degree
CERTIFICATION
Creative Certification Exam
March 2023 (London)
Google Digital Academy
Google Ads Creative Certification
March 2023 (London)
Google Digital Academy
Google Ads Search Certification
March 2023 (London)
Google Digital Academy
Google Analytics for Beginners Certificate
August 2022 (London)
Google
MILT Leadership Certificate
November 2018 (Mumbai)
MILT Training Foundation
SKILLS
Marketing Skills
Analytics
Customer Research
Market Research
Content Creation
Customer Segmentation
Presentation
Content Management
Database Management
Social Media
Copywriting
GDPR
Storytelling
Customer Relationship Management
Lead Nurturing
Interpersonal skills
Public Speaking
Teamwork
Decision Making
Management
Communication
Time Management
Team Leadership
Customer Service
Critical Thinking
Conflict Management
Tools and Technologies
Adobe Creative Cloud
Microsoft Excel
SPSS Statistics
Adobe Illustrator
Microsoft Office Suite
Tableau
Adobe Photoshop
Microsoft PowerPoint
Microsoft Word

 
 
PIYUSH KHANDELWAL 
+919672541707 | +447880037276 
 LinkedIn 
piyushkhandelwal1997@gmail.com 
 
PERSONAL STATEMENT 
 
A strategic marketing graduate with strong work and academic experience in sales and key account management. I aim to 
contribute well towards any organisation with both my engineering and marketing aptitude to help scale revenue and enhance 
branding. My experience varies from working with small scale start-ups to large scale MNCs with strong focus in advertising, 
business development and key account management of large accounts.  
 
KEY ACHIEVEMENTS 
 
  Certified by Market Research Society, UK in market research with Merit 
  Awarded a company sponsored trip to the Maldives in November'2019 for strengthening core business and supply chain 
  Headed Sri-Lanka business development and market research at Flynote to jump start a fresh destination in 2 weeks 
  Generated over 100,000 USD worth of revenue month on month 
 
EDUCATION 
 
MSc Strategic Marketing, Cranfield School of Management, Cranfield, UK               
 
            Sept 2021 - Sept -2022 
Key Modules: Big Data Insights & Analytics, Strategic Marketing & Planning, Consumer Behaviour, Managing Brands, Digital & 
Social Media Marketing, Retail and Omnichannel Management 
Highlights: Marketing Consultancy Project with “Birdseye UK”; Sales and Key Account Management with “Jacobs Engineering 
Group, USA”, Branding with “MIND BLMK” (Non-Profit) 
 
B.Tech Information Technology, Manipal University, Jaipur, India  
 
 
 
                Aug 2015 - Aug 2019 
Highlights: Member of Organizing Committee for various fests; Coverage Photographer for key events throughout the years 
 
SKILLS 
 
  Technical Skills: JMP (Statistical Analysis), NVivo (Qualitative Data Analysis), LinkedIn Sales Navigator, Salesforce, SugarCRM, 
SAS (Statistical Analysis) 
  Management Skills: Microsoft Office, Key Account Management (Large Accounts Ecosystem), Sales & Business Development, 
Advertising Account Management, A/B Testing, Brand Management & Retailing 
  Language Competence: TOEFL 101/120, CEFR - C1 Equivalent  
  
CAREER HISTORY 
 
Henkel Ltd, Hemel Hempstead, United Kingdom                                                                                    
Henkel is a leading solution provider for adhesives, sealants and functional coatings for consumers, craftsmen and industrial 
applications. It has a market cap of nearly 30 Billion USD with over 52000 employees globally in 79 countries. 
 
Digital Key Accounts Sales Graduate 
 
  Took responsibilities of an Account Based Marketing -
  Mapped few of the largest accounts of Henkel's Datacom and Telecom SBUs on LinkedIn Sales Navigator 
  Be the pivotal digital right hand of Global Key Account Managers handing clients like Cisco, Nokia and Ericsson. 
  Analyse key stakeholder networks of Global Key Accounts and cover untapped areas for marketing activation. 
 
Hennes & Mauritz H&M, Milton Keynes, United Kingdom                                                                                        Nov 2021 - Aug 2022 
Hennes & Mauritz AB is a Swedish multinational clothing company head-quartered in Stockholm. It is known for its fast-fashion 
clothing for men, women, teenagers, and children. 
      
   
Mumbai, India / Luton, UK
Sept 2022 - Nov 2022
Social Selling Manager as a graduate for large accounts ecosystem
& Jan 23 - Present
 
 
Sales Advisor 
 
  Performed in-store sales advisory and operations within several apparel departments 
  Achieved a membership score of more than 60% throughout with 40% being store's average 
 
Media.net, Mumbai, India  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
               Aug 2020 - Sept 2021 
Media.net is a leading global advertising company with one of the most comprehensive portfolios of advertising technology in 
the industry across search, native, display, mobile, local, products and video.  
 
Associate - Publisher Development 
 
  Managed onboarding for over 400 potential accounts under Activation Vertical (US & UK Based Clients) 
  Leading activation vertical with more than 15% conversion rate of incoming leads 
  Supervised Account management for over 150 accounts in a span of 6 months 
 
Upgrad, Mumbai, India 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
               Mar 2020 - June 2020 
Upgrad is an online higher education platform providing rigorous industry-relevant programs designed and delivered in 
collaboration with world-class faculty and industry. Merging the latest technology, pedagogy, and services. 
 
Sales Consultant (Admissions Counsellor) 
  Accomplished more than 4000 USD sales in first month of joining 
  Bootstrapped online MBA vertical sales with recognisable success rate of over 12% conversion 
 
Flynote, Bengaluru, India  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                  Jan 2019 - Feb 2020 
Flynote is a curated marketplace for consumers and agents. It connects consumers with expert agents who design itineraries and 
hunt best deals on flights, hotels, cars among others. 
 
Sales Team Lead (Experts Success Manager) 
 
  Applied performance data to evaluate and improve operations, target current business conditions, and forecast needs. 
  Accomplished overall sales growth of 15% quarter on quarter 
  Managed a sales team of more than 10-12 associates for a period of 7 months 
  Initiated and launched Sri-Lanka as a new destination within 14 days of end to end process 

 
Anupama Ojha 
Data analysis, Business Development, Project Analyst and AI/ML.  
Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh 462023  
anupamaojha.cs12@gmail.com  
+91 96085 96033 
 
To be a part of an organization where I can grow in terms of knowledge, skills and attitude and put 
my best to learn new trends and new environmental skills, and if given a chance to work with you, I 
assure you of my level best. I am new to this industry with 2 years of experience who is willing to 
give total support to the organization that I work for with all my capabilities that I have and that I'll 
learn.  
Willing to relocate: Anywhere 
 
 
Personal Details 
 
Date of Birth: 2020-01-31  
Eligible to work in: India  
Highest Career Level: 1-2 years' experience  
Industry: Software Development (IT) 
Total years of experience: 2 
 
 
Work Experience 
 
Data Analyst  
Netlink Software Pvt. Ltd - Mandideep, Madhya Pradesh  
November 2022 to Present 
  Analytical understanding of data.  
  Generation of reports, data Modelling, Data Migration, Data Analysis, and manipulation.  
  Analytical dashboard and functional testing, manual testing.  
  Dashboard development  
  SQL, database (vertica), azure, AWS, RDBMs. 
  Advanced Excel (VLOOKUP, lookup). 
  Project management, business requirements (BRD) and KPI Mapping documents. 
  Fresher Interviews, Project Presentation, Client handling etc. 
 
Trainee Python Developer  
Rack AI Pvt. Ltd - Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh  
March 2022 to October 2022 
  I was responsible for developing and implementing functional programs in Python language with 
its libraries like pandas, NumPy, skit-learn, (keras, TensorFlow).  
  In this role, I had to do teamwork with developers to design algorithms and flowcharts.  
  Along with this, I integrate several software components and third-party modifications in the 
existing program are also observed by me.  
  I had to create technical documentation for reference and reporting. 
 
  Data visualization with JustPy 
 
Internship  
NRI Institute of Technology - Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh  
July 2021 to December 2021 
Project work based on Data Analytics and Visualization.  
  Skill: SQL, python, data visualization and analytics, excel, Functional testing etc 
  Interview Preparation, Presentation skills, et 
 
 
 
Skills / IT Skills 
 
  Communication Skills, Presentations, Client Handling 
  SQL, Microsoft Excel Advances Analysis skills  
  Python  
  Pandas, NumPy, Skit-learn Lib   
  Django 
  Rest API, Keras, TensorFlow 
  Data mining  
  Communication skills  
  Tableau, Power BI tools 
  Machine learning  
  Natural language processing  
  Computer vision  
  Big data, Hadoop  
  Interview Scheduling, Project Management 
  Functional testing 
  Data analytics  
  Artificial Intelligence  
  Simple Chatbot  
  Data analysis skills: Data Modelling, Data Migration 
  Data Manipulation 
 
 
Languages 
 
  English - Fluent  
  Hindi - Fluent  
  Bengali - Fluent 
 
Online Profile 
 
 
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/anupama-ojha-12b055199 
 
Certifications and Licenses 
 
Sentimental Analysis  
October 2022 - Feb 2023 
(Client- Netlink Software's) 
Sentiment analysis projects involve using natural language processing (NLP) and machine learning 
to analyse and categorize text based on sentiment. The goal is to gain insights from data like social 
media posts or customer reviews. Steps include data collection, pre-processing, feature extraction, 
model training, and evaluation. Success depends on data quality, pre-processing techniques, and 
choice of algorithms. Applications include social media monitoring, brand management, and market 
research. 
 
Data Analytics and visualization  
February 2023 - April 2023  
(Client- Netlink Software's) 
Data visualization is the graphical representation of information and data. By using visual elements 
like charts, graphs, and maps. 
The Data analysis and visualization project using Python and JustPy involves using Python and the 
JustPy library to analyse and visualize data. It includes steps like data collection, data preparation, 
data analysis using libraries like NumPy and Pandas, data visualization using JustPy and other 
visualization libraries, creating interactive web-based visualizations, and deploying the web 
application. This project enables the exploration and communication of data insights through 
interactive and visually appealing web-based visualizations. 
 
Web Scraping  
March 2022 - September 2022 
(Client- Rack AI Pvt. Ltd.) 
Web scraping is a process of automating the extraction of data in an efficient and fast way. With the 
help of web scraping.  
Web scraping of images involves automatically extracting images from websites developed with 
Python, BeautifulSoup, Scrapy, Selenium, Pillow, Pandas, Requests. It includes steps like identifying 
the target website, parsing the HTML structure, fetching, and parsing web pages, locating image 
URLs, downloading the images, and optionally performing image processing. The scraped images 
can be stored and managed for various purposes, such as building datasets or creating image 
galleries. Legal and ethical considerations should be considered during the process. 
 
Communication Skills  
October 2020 - Feb 2021 
(Client- LinkedIn) 
 
It recognizes successful completion of a comprehensive program designed to enhance and refine 
communication abilities. This certificate validates the individual's competence in various aspects of 
effective communication, including verbal and nonverbal communication, active listening, public 
speaking, interpersonal skills, and conflict resolution.  
 
 
Education 
 
Bachelor's in Technology, Computer Science (8.9 CGPA) 
NRI Institute of information science and technology, Bhopal - Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh 
R.G.P.V. University, Bhopal  
May 2019 to May 2023 
 
12th in Science (PCM)  
Rajkamal Saraswati Vidya mandir Dhanbad - Dhanbad, Jharkhand 
CBSE Board: 80%  
March 2016 to May 2018  
 
Diploma In Psychology (Human Behaviour)  
University of Strathclyde Glasgow (Online Platform) 
Accuracy: 83% Grade: “A 
August 2019 to September 2020 
10th in All subjects  
SSVM Institutions Dhanbad - Baghmara, West Bengal  
CBSE Board: 10 CGPA 
April 2015 to July 2016 
 
Additional Information 
 
Bachelor in Computer Science with distinction and more than two year of experience as a Data 
Analyst. Key knowledge in AI/ML, data science and analytics, data structures and algorithms, and 
data modelling.  
Proficiency in HTML, MySQL, big data (Hadoop), Python. Beginner in MATLAB.  Experienced in 
manipulating visual hierarchy and automation in prediction algorithms for customer trends.   
Organized, top performer, and goal-driven individual with Eight months of experience in working 
with key stakeholders and communicating between manager and technical levels of an 
organization. Skilled at using data modelling to build a competitive advantage.   
New to corporate industry with 1.8 years of experience, can work well under pressure and make the 
best of any situation. Passionate individual with great interpersonal and communication skills. 
 
 

Abhijeet Sengar 
Software/Python Developer 
1.5 + YOE as Python Developer with strong communication skills.
Problem solver and enthusiast to learn new tech very eﬃciently. 
abhijeetsengar10@gmail.com 
7067618261 
GWALIOR, India 
linkedin.com/in/abhijeet-sengar-b36ba5179 
EDUCATION 
BTech with specialization in Computer
science 
RGPV University - [8.43 CGPA] 
07/2018 - 07/2022,  
Gwalior, India 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Software Engineer -- Python Developer 
Helios Solutions 
10/2022 - Present,  
Vadodara,India 
Service based company 
designed and created database with relation over 35+ tables.
ﬁred several queries to modify and to get the data. 
developed backend components in Django and Flask. 
written scalable code and scripts to ﬁre automatically on the
server. 
well versed with agile project management tool - JIRA. 
developer testing with Postman with basic understanding of
docker as well. 
Intern --Python developer 
Helios Solutions 
09/2021 - 09/2022,  
Vaddodara, India 
Service based company 
Django Rest API and Writing custom and nested Serializers 
Debugging and working on errors 
Django admin site development from scratch 
Working with docker and deployment on server 
Git operations and Understanding database 
Integrating concepts like HTML, CSS and JavaScript 
Intern 
Engineer Hub 
03/2021 - 09/2021,  
Startup focusses on students development 
Helped college students understand machine learning
concepts 
Presentation on understanding business problem 
Raw data analysis 
SKILLS 
Python 
HTML 
CSS 
JavaScript 
SQL 
Machine learning 
Data Visualization 
GIt 
Jira 
Docker 
Postman 
Django 
Flask 
OOPS 
PROJECTS 
Reducing Commercial Aviation fatalities.
 (01/2021 - 03/2021) 
Objective: - The goal of this project is to predict if pilot goes into
cognitive state using Machine Learning Technique. 
Analysis: - Performed Univariate Analysis on the diﬀerent attributes
of Reducing commercial aviation fatalities. 
Framework & Lib:- Python - SkLearn, Ensemble, XGBoost, Gradient
Boosting Decision Tree, Matplotlib, NumPy, Pandas, LGBM. 
Blog link - https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/reducing-commercial-
aviation-fatalities-cb0e34a21728. . 
Employee Management System 
objective - The goal of the project is to create a app to maintain data
of the employees. 
created api to perform crud operations, used Django ORM to get data
of the employees. 
designed and modiﬁed Django admin site, User roles management by
admin. 
Framework & Lib:- Django, Python, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript. 
CERTIFICATES 
Machine learning -- Applied AI (10/2020 - 10/2021) 
Certiﬁcate- https://www.appliedaicourse.com/certiﬁcate/abde8d563f 
Machine learning -- Stanford university
 (01/2019 - 03/2019) 
Certiﬁcate
https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certiﬁcate/LAHJF6R
XEPAK 
Achievements/Tasks 
Projects 
Achievements/Tasks 

Photographer, Videographer
SUBHAM               
      BEHERA
Phone
7001321407
Address
21/10 Raypara Lane, Konnagar
Hooghly, 712235, W.B
Email
beherasubham577@gmail.com
subham.behera@mcn.christun
iversity.in
About Me
Core Competencies
I'm Subham Behera, a photographer,
videographer, graphic designer and editor. 
Work Experience
Photography Head
Photography 
Videography
Department of English, St. Xavier's College
Covered the inter-college department fest
Making photo audio stories for 'Headlines Tripura' 
For The Telegraph "My Kolkata"
Photography event organizer 
St. Xavier's College, Kolkata
Creating compelling visual designs. 
2018
Official Photographer
Visual Content Developer
Freelance Photographer/Videographer
2019
2021
2022
Personal Projects
Photography Portfolio
Click here to see my portfolio
Neardlapse Short Film
'Make Up' Short Film
Graphics Design Portfolio
Educational Qualification
2020 - 2022
2016 - 2020
M.A Communication & Media Studies
B.A English Honours
Christ University, Bangalore
St Xavier's College Kolkata
Job Skills
Can work under tight deadlines
Can ideate for photography & design 
Photography
Photography
Photography
Photography
Video Editing
Video Editing
Video Editing
Video Editing
Photo Editing
Photo Editing
Photo Editing
Photo Editing
Graphic Design
Adobe Creative Suite
Videography
Videography
Videography
Videography
Skills
Board of Secondary Education
Visual Content Development 
Script Writing 
Writing & Editing 
English
Travel
Sports
Technology & Social Media
Art & Literature
Entertainment Media (Movies/Music)
Hindi
Odia
Bengali
S.C.B High School, Bhubaneswar
Other Qualifications
Language Competencies
Interests
2019 - 2020
2020 - 2021
2020 - 2021
Arena Animations, Park Street, Kolkata
Michigan State University 
University of Michigan 
2010 - 2014
2014 - 2016
Higher Secondary Education
KIIT +2 Science College, Bhubaneswar

Developed a platform from scratch that facilitates creation or
sharing of information, ideas, career interests and other forms of
expression via virtual communities and network.
Technologies used :-
Back-end : NodeJS, ExpressJS 
Database : MondoDB 
Postman 
Features :- 
1. Sign Up and Login 
2. Edit Profile 
3. Share Posts(Photos, Text Posts) 
4. Comment and like on Posts
5. Search other's profile 
6. Follow/Unfollow other users 
7. Reset Password via Mail
C, C++, Management Information System, Visual Basic, Software
Testing.
Guru Ghasidas University, 2018-2019
B.Sc. (Computer Science) CGPA : 8.27
 Back-end Project | Basic Social Media | Using REST API
Graduated with a Computer Science background and seeking an entry-level position, as a
Back-end Developer. Passionate about developing customized interfaces that contribute in
finding solutions and determining customer satisfaction.
Programming Languages :-
C++, JavaScript, Visual Basic
+918103313129
SKILLS
Contact Details
Education
DOLLY JURIYANI
Project
dimpljuriyani78@gmail.com
Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh
(495001)
Data Base :- NoSQL (MongoDB), SQL
Data Structures and Algorithm
API Development
Backend Framework :- NodeJS
Front-end languages :- HTML,
CSS, JavaScript
Cloud Tech :- AWS (Basics)
DevOps Tools :- Git, Docker
Basics
Languages
English
Hindi
Sindhi
St. Francis Sen. Sec. School, Bilaspur (C.G.) - 2014-15
Developed an instant messaging solution to enable users to
seamlessly communicate with each other.
Technologies used :-
Back-end : NodeJS, ExpressJS 
Database : MondoDB 
Postman
Features :- 
1. Create one-to-one chat 
2. Create, rename and delete group 
3. Add and remove user from a group
4. Send one-to-one message 
5. Send group message
6. Fetch chat messages
 Back-end Project | Basic Chat Application | Using REST API

 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/xinyijasmine
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Dance
Creativity Skills
Customer Service
Jasmine H.
Student at University of Hertfordshire
Kuala Lumpur, Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Summary
A mass communication student with working experience. 
Bringing forth a motivated attitude and a variety of skills.
Friendly and enthusiastic.
Experience
The Story Book
Story Narrator
October 2021 - Present (1 year 10 months)
Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia
Wan Two3
Student Intern
April 2021 - July 2021 (4 months)
Phileo Damansara, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
ABANICO Your Deli Restaurant
Waitress
February 2019 - September 2019 (8 months)
Kota Kemuning, Shah Alam, Malaysia
MY Art Studio-MY Craft Studio
Teaching Assistant
January 2018 - October 2018 (10 months)
Kota Kemuning, Shah Alam, Malaysia
Education
University of Hertfordshire
Bachelor of Arts - BA, Mass Communication/Media Studies · (August
2021 - December 2023)
INTI International College Subang 
 
Page 1 of 2
 
 
Diploma in Mass communication , Mass communication  · (2019 - 2021)
 
Page 2 of 2

Divianshu Jaswal 
STUDENT 
I am a keen learner and passout student from NIT Jalandhar actively looking for software developer roles to get a headstart in the
industry and work on challenging projects to grow professionally. 
divianshu1@gmail.com 
8427068892 
Jalandhar 
EDUCATION 
BACHELOR OF TECHNOLOGY 
Dr BR AMBEDKAR NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF
TECHNOLOGY JALANDHAR 
08/2018 - 06/2022,  
7.01CGPA 
BTech in Mechanical
Engineering 
Junior College 
MGN PUBLIC SCHOOL ADARSH NAGAR
JALANDHAR 
04/2016 - 04/2018,  
12th CBSE (86.6%) 
NON MEDICAL 
High School 
Mount Carmel Public School , Garhshankar 
2016,  
10th ICSE(92.8%) 
FRONTEND PROJECTS 
Portfolio 
https://portfolio-fmfq.onrender.com/
 
 
My personal portfolio website showcasing my work and skills
Code-> https://github.com/Divianshu7/developerFolio 
Co-founder 
Concept lab
 
 
05/2021 - 07/2021,  
Founded an Edtech startup, teaching 150+ students about
CAD modelling software. I made and handled the website
along with managing day-to-day operations and developing
marketing content for various social media channels. 
Code-> https://github.com/Divianshu7/Concept-Labs-deploy 
https://concept-labs.onrender.com/ 
SKILLS 
Python 
Data Structures 
Algorithms 
Node.js 
React.js 
JavaScript 
HTML 
CSS 
MongoDb 
Rest Api 
PERSONAL PROJECTS 
Hotel Booking App
 
 
Full stack MERN application which allows users book hotel room or
publish their own hotels. 
Users can register /login ,search for hotels in particular location
and perform other CRUD operations 
This App can also handle payments which are integerated through
stripe api . 
Tech Stack-> React.js,Node.js,Express.js,MongoDb,Stripe Api 
Code(frontend)-> https://github.com/Divianshu7/client 
Code(backend)-> https://github.com/Divianshu7/server 
https://client-uzs3.onrender.com/ 
Amazon-Clone
 
 
Full stack MERN stack application which replicates the key
engineering features of an e-commerce platform like Amazon 
Users can register /login , buy various products and perform other
CRUD operations 
This App can also handle payments which are integerated through
stripe api . 
Tech Stack-> React.js,Node.js,Express.js,MongoDb,Stripe Api 
Code(frontend)-> https://github.com/Divianshu7/amazon 
Code(backend)-> https://github.com/Divianshu7/amazon-server 
https://amazon3.onrender.com/ 
Chat App
 
 
Full stack MERN stack application which allows users to chat with
other users 
Users can register/login and chat with other users with instant
transfer of the messages using Socket.io 
Tech Stack-> Socket.io,React.js,Node.js,Express.js,MongoDB 
Code(frontend)-> https://github.com/Divianshu7/Client-chat-app 
Code(backend)-> https://github.com/Divianshu7/Server-chat-app 
https://chat-app-2bnm.onrender.com 
LANGUAGES 
English 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
Hindi 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
Punjabi 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
INTERESTS 
Working out 
Football 
Music 
Travelling 
Courses 
Courses 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 

WORK EXPERIENCE
 Ibrix Pvt Ltd |Data Analyst Intern                                                          Oct 2021-  Apr 2022
ROHIT RAI
DATA SCIENCE|ML AND ALGORITHMS| AZURE|GCP BIG QUERY|ADVANCE EXCEL
An ambitious and skilled Data Science student with Diverse Experience in Data Analysis as an 
intern for 6 Months, and 6 Months in academic Data Visualization & ETL Tools, with Over 1 Year 
in Machine Learning and AI-ANN during Academics career and SQL. 
NCR, India
rai13042000@gmail.com
+91 8150005306
LinkedIn Profile
Assisting with the collection, organization, and cleaning of data from a variety of sources.
Using tools such as SQL Workbench, Power BI, and Excel to analyze and interpret data.
Creating reports, charts, and visualizations to communicate findings to stakeholders.
Collaborating with team members to identify trends, patterns, and insights in the data.
Completing other tasks as assigned by the manager.
 DocVita Inc |Web Developer                                                                  Oct 2020- Jan 2021
WordPress total admin management of Docvita.com  with Google AdWords campaign and Google Analytics.
Assisting with the development and maintenance of WordPress websites and applications.
Writing, testing, and debugging code using languages such as XML, HTML5, and CSS3.
Implementing features and functionality according to project specifications.
POC: Bricks Sales Insight using Power BI & MySQL
Analyze the requirement of the Stack Holder's, Database import into MySQL Workbench, which contains 12000+ rows
Performed ETL (Extract Transformation Load) using Power BI, Done Data Modeling like Star and Snowflakes Schema
Performed and cross-checked the values in MySQL Workbench. Created BI reports presenting the data visualization.
Roles & Responsibilities
Dec 2021 - Feb 2022
PROJECT AND RESEARCH
EDUCATION
M.Sc. - Computer Applications 'Data Science'
Symbiosis Institute of Computer Studies and Research (SICSR) 
Data Analysis using Python|ERD; Machine Learning Algorithms|Computer Vision, Image Processing
CPA: 7.5
Garden City University
Organized Team Lead at ICAIML - 2019, Core Web Development | Python
Web Developer intern | 3 Months; Relationship Manager | 3 Months
CGPA: 8.45
June 2021 - June 2023
Bangalore, Karnataka
July 2018 - June 2021
Pune, Maharashtra
BCA  - Computer Applications
Augment Systems Pvt Ltd |Research Analyst                                    Mar 2023- 
 April 2023
Conducting research: Conducting research on various topics related to the business using primary and secondary sources, 
Data collection and analysis: Collecting and analyzing data from various sources using statistical and analytical tools.
Preparing reports: Preparing reports summarizing research findings, insights, and recommendations clearly and concisely 
that is easily understandable by business stakeholders.
Quality assurance: Ensuring research data and analysis accuracy and reliability through quality assurance and testing.
Research & POC: Heart Diseases Prediction using Machine Learning
POC for Heart Diseases predictions Analysis can detect whether a patient is having the positive symptoms of diseases or not 
and comparison done after getting 4 different accuracy result.
Analyze the requirement of an Independent Variable to perform the analysis. The database is taken from CDC Official 
Survey Data.
Performed EDA (Exploratory data analysis) on the entire data. Performed 4 Major Classifiers of ML Algorithms to 
compare the result better.
Applied more than three different ML accuracy Boosters & Confusion Matrics as well.
Roles & Responsibilities
June '22 - Dec'22
SKILLS
Programming Languages: Python
DL/ML  & It's Algorithms: Time Series,CNN,RNN,LSTM,SVM,DT,Logistic
Deep Learning Frameworks: TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch
Tools: MS Excel (Advance), Power BI, Looker Studio, Tableau, Jupyter 
Libraries: Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, TensorFlow, Keras, SK Learn
BIG Data Technologies: Hadoop
Database: MySQL, BIG Query (GCP)
Cloud: Microsoft Azure, GCP
SOFT SKILLS
Team Player & Client Communication 
Presentation Skills | MS Office 
Proficient| Pro Active| Quick Learner
LANGUAGE
English ; Hindi ; Marathi (Beginner) 
Spanish (Beginner)
https://app.powerbi.com
DoB: 13 Apr'2000

 
 
Kongara Akhila Chowdary 
 
 
Address:  Main Bazar, Adigoppula, (522612)  
Phone No. : +91 9989749562 
Email ID: akhilakongara2@gmail.com 
 
CAREER OBJECTIVE: 
 
To be able to work for an encouraging and stable company that will assist me in developing, improving, 
and obtaining the necessary skills in order to become the best engineer possible. I am looking forward to 
challenging my potential and be  worthy of Management trust and Confidence. 
 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 
 
Qualification 
Institution 
University/Board 
Year of Passing 
Percentage 
B. Tech (CSE) 
Amrita Sai Institute Of 
Science and 
Technology,Paritala 
JNTUk 
2022 
7.86 
Intermediate 
Narayana Junior 
College,Guntur 
Board of 
Intermediate 
Education 
2018 
90.06% 
SSC 
St John's English Medium 
High School, Karempudi 
Secondary School 
Certificate 
2016 
9.0 
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS: 
  Programming Languages: Python, Java 
  Database Languages: Sql 
  Web Technology: Html, Css 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS: 
            Father Name   
                  : 
                      K Srinivasarao 
Date of Birth  
 
     :                             09/03/2001 
Gender 
 
 
     :  
                      Female 
Religion 
 
 
     : 
                      Hindu 
Nationality  
 
 
     :  
                      Indian 
 
ACHIEVEMENTS: 
 
   Works as a Coordinator in arts and crafts club in college. 
  I got a prize in Cursive writing competition in school level. 
 
 CERTIFICATES: 
  I have received Python Programming Certificate from Udemy. 
  I got a Certificate in  HTML  from Udemy. 
  Successfully completed  TCS iON Career Edge - Young Professional course. 
 
DECLARATION: 
I hereby declare that the details above are correct and true to the best of my knowledge.  
 
Place: Adigoppula                                                                                                    Signature: K Akhila 
Date: 18-01-2023                                                                                                            
                                                                                                              

ATHIRA GOPINATH 
 
 
 
 
Gender: Female  Date of birth: 01/12/1999  Nationality: Indian  
 
Home : PUTHIYAKUNNEL H KADANAD PO AIMCOMPU, KOTTAYAM (DIST), 686653,
PALAI, India 

 Email: athignath1999@gmail.com 
Phone: (+91) 8078407084

WORK EXPERIENCE  
[ 17/01/2022 - 17/05/2023 ]  Solution Developer 
Tata Technologies 
City: Pune 
Country: India 
  Designed, developed, and tested software solutions for clients using Java
programming language.
  Worked on multiple projects simultaneously, ensuring timely delivery of quality
solutions
  Troubleshot and resolved technical issues reported by clients
  Wrote clean, clear and well-texted code for various projects
  Veriﬁed and resolved bug reports and issues.
TECHNICAL SKILLS  
   Programming Languages: Java, Python, JavaScript, C 
   Framework: Springboot 
   Platforms: Windows, Linux 
   Databases: Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL 
   Tools: Git, ,Eclipse, Visual Studio, IntelliJ IDEA 
   Web Technologies: AngularJS, ReactJS 
EDUCATION AND
TRAINING  
[ 01/06/2017 - 01/04/2021 ]  Computer Science Engineering 
Ktu
 www.sjcetpalai.com 
City: PALAI 
Country: India 
 Python Full Stack 
Pentagon Space
 www.pentagonspace.com 
City: Bangalore 
Country: India 
[ 01/07/2018 - 01/10/2018 ]  Internet Of Things [IOT] 
NPTEL
 
LANGUAGE SKILLS  
Mother tongue(s): Malayalam 
Other language(s): 
English 
LISTENING C2 READING C2 WRITING C2 
SPOKEN PRODUCTION C2 SPOKEN INTERACTION C2 
Levels: A1 and A2: Basic user; B1 and B2: Independent user; C1 and C2: Proﬁcient user
DIGITAL SKILLS  
Microsoft Oﬃce |  Microsoft Word |  Microsoft Powerpoint |  Microsoft Excel 

Deepak Marathe
Deepak Marathe is a Software Professional
Specializing as Polyglot FullStack Software
Developer, Big Data Platform Engineer, Cloud Solution
Architect, OpenSource Software Contributor,
Web3/Blockchain/AI Entrepreneur and Educator,
Sole Proprietor/Consultant, Electronic
Musician/Instrumentalist and a Vedic Astrologer.
Portfolio/Skills : https://deepakmarathe.netlify.app
Technical Skills
▪
Programming Languages : Solidity, SQL, Java, Python, Bash, Go-lang, NodeJS, Scala,
C, C++, Ruby.
▪
FullStack
Software
Development
: Java(Spring, Hibernate, Dropwizard, Spark,
MySQL), Python(Flask, Django, Postgres), Node(NodeJS, Mongo, Express, ReactJS),
Web3.js, Ajax, JQuery, HTML, CSS, Javascript, ReactJS
▪
Big Data Platform Engineering : Apache Kafka, Apache Flink, Apache Spark, Apache
MapReduce, Pig, Hive, HBase, Cassandra, ElasticSearch/OpenSearch, Airﬂow, Oozie,
Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, Chef, TICK (Grafana), ELK (Kibana)
▪
Cloud Solution Architecture : AWS : (Lambda, Amplify, Beanstalk, DynamoDB, RDS,
S3, Route 53, ACM,
Athena, EC2, EMR, SQS, Cognito), GCP (BigQuery, DataProc,
BigTable, FireBase), Azure (Azure Data Factory and Azure DataBricks), Databricks,
Heroku, Netlify.
▪
Artiﬁcial Intelligence / Machine Learning : Generative AI(GPT-3, 4), Natural Language
Processing(spacy.io,OpenAI),Text-To-Speech(pyttsx3),Speech-To-Text(SpeechRecog
nition), Time Series Forecasting (prophet, pandas, matplotlib), Classiﬁcation (numpy,
scipy, sklearn),
▪
Web3/Blockchain/SmartContracts
:
Solidity(0.8.1),Remix,
Truﬄe,
Ganache,
Metamask, Web3.js, Alchemy, Geth (Private Ethereum Blockchain).
▪
Rule Engine : Drools
▪
Android : Optical Character Recognition Application
to Extract Aadhar ID from
Image.
▪
Plugin Development : EditorOpenFileCount Plugin for IntelliJ IDEA IDE
▪
Speech Technologies : Alexa Skill for Intuit QuickBooks (Alexa Voice Services)
▪
Automation : Spotify Music Streaming Platform Automation using Selenium.
▪
Operating System : Macintosh, Linux and Windows.
▪
Source Version Control : Gitlab, Github, Bitbucket
▪
Continuous Integration : Jenkins/Hudson, Sonar.
▪
Unit Testing : JUnit, TestNG, Mockito/PowerMock, PyTest
▪
Database : Postgresql, MySQL, DynamoDB, HBase/BigTable, MongoDB, Cassandra,
ElasticSearch, InﬂuxDB
▪
Electronic Music Production : Ambisonic Music (Spatial 360), Ambient Noise
Cancellation, Ableton Live, Reaper
Deepak Marathe
Entrepreneurship Experience
Co-Founder/CTO, DFacto.AI (Dec 2022 - Present)
Developed a Fully Functional No-Code Analytics Fullstack Web Application for
Business Owners featuring Generative A Integration, Scalability, Security, Payments
Integration, Social Login Integration : https://dfacto.ai
Generative AI : OpenAI/GPT3
Backend : Java, Spring, Hibernate, MySQL
Frontend : HTML5, CSS, Javascript, React
Deployment : AWS Elastic Beanstalk, AWS Amplify, AWS RDS, AWS ACM
Domain : GoDaddy, AWS Route53
Payments : Stripe
Social Login : Google Firebase
Security : ACM/HTTPS, GWT for API
Achievements : Raised infrastructure credits from AWS for $1000.
Raised infrastructure credits from Microsoft for OpenAI/GPT3 for $2500.
Co-Founder/CTO,Web3Works.in (Sep 2022 - Present)
Developed a Fully Functional Fullstack Web3 DAO on Ethereum Blockchain, on an
Enterprise grade Network from Alchemy.
https://www.web3works.in
Backend : Solidity(0.8.1), Remix, Truﬄe, Ganache, Metamask, Alchemy, Geth
Frontend : Web3.js, Node, React
Deployment : AWS S3, AWS Amplify, AWS Cognito
  Developed Contracts in Solidity 0.8.1 and Deployed to Goerli Test Network.
  Migrated the Contracts written in Solidity 0.8.1 (using Remix Web IDE) onto
Solana, a Layer 1 Third Generation Blockchain network to yield Performance
and Cost Eﬃciency for Write Operations and Lookups on Contracts between
any 2 Veriﬁed Entities.
  Governance : Provided Identity management and Veriﬁcation.
  Product Demo can be found here :
#SmartContracts On #Ethereum #Blockchain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADIlOWXp9Pw&ab_channel=Web3Works
Deepak Marathe
Industry Experience
Founder, Jnyana Consultancy [GST:29AXXPD1681J1ZU]
(Feb 2020 - Present)
Independent Consultant, remote post pandemic
Roles/Designations :
Unravel Data/USA/Remote : Chief Architect, Observability.
A5 Labs/USA/Remote : Product Owner, Bonus Engine
Indeed/USA/Remote : Lead, Big Data Migration
  Invented a theorem in Data Engineering involving Consistency, Availability and Partitioning
for a Data System that works on Polling to update the State. (Unravel Data Systems INC, Dr Shivnath
Babu)
  Implemented Case-Insensitive Search on ElasticSearch for majority of Attributes in Gaming
Domain.
  Designed and Delivered a DataLake product on top of Google Cloud BigTable using a
Geographically Distributed, Remote team of 7 data engineers. (Python, Flask, Google Cloud Bigtable)
  Migrated Data Warehousing ETL Workﬂows from Hive-SQL to Spark (Python, Scala) on AWS
EMR/Azure DataBricks Infrastructure. Used Airﬂow/Google Cloud Composer/Azure Data Factory for
Orchestration.
  Assisted in Data Migration from an On-Premise Data Platform onto AWS. (Spark, Pig,
MapReduce)
  Optimized the Computation Time on AWS Athena by distributing the processing using the
ppss tool in python.
  Helped Migrate the Data from AWS S3 Data Lake to GCP BigQuery.
  Developed Distributed Application to perform Window Based Aggregation on Streaming
Data using Flink using data from Kafka and Visualised using Inﬂux Time Series Database and Grafana
for Visualisation.
  Developed and Deployed a Web Application to host the Blogs.( Django, Python, Heroku)
  Developed NanoCube - Scalable, Distributed, Spatio Temporal DataCube
Abstraction for Time Series Datasets Along with an Event Based Framework for Real
Time Visualisation of Rolling, Additive Aggregation.
  RESTFul Microservices APIs for Distributed Multi-Dimensional Spatio Temporal Time Series
DataCube supporting Ingestion, Search, Scan Operations on GDelt Event Dataset.
  Query Interface modeled on CNF implemented using Sparse BitSets.
  Point and Range Queries over time, all/subset of dimensions with Pagination for Results.
  Supports Interactive Aggregations over 10 years worth of gdelt data at current content
generation pace. (dropwizard, java, gcp, docker,git)
  MemoryMapped Files are used to eﬃciently retrieve data on disk, supporting 100 ms
response time over 10 million data points, with a result page size of 100.
  InMemory Index Periodically Persisted to Disk/Cloud Storage Object.
  Distributed Processing for Machine Learning Production Pipelines Using Apache Beam on
Google Cloud DataFlow, PubSub.
Deepak Marathe
Senior Software Engineer at Rippling, a YC
Company (Dec 2021 - May 2022)
  Developed APIs for Reporting, Analytics (Python, Django, MongoDB)
  Improved Code Coverage to 95% by Systematic Refactoring to make the modules Unit
Testable.
  I quit my full time employment to pursue my Entrepreneurship ventures in Generative AI.
Staff Software Engineer at Quartic.ai (Nov
2019 - March 2020)
  Optimized Distributed Rule Engine by 8X (Kafka, Drools, Scala, Spark,Postgres)
  Improved Code Coverage to 90% by Systematic Refactoring to make the modules Unit
Testable.
  Implemented Data Retention Policies on ElasticSearch (Python, Django, Airﬂow)
  Onset of Covid affected my Full-Time Employment with Quartic. I moved on to Freelancing
working Remote.
SDE3/Lead Software Engineer at Halodoc (Dec
2018 - Dec 2019)
Developed and Deployed Features in the Halodoc Backend System.
Developed RESTful Microservices(Java, Dropwizard, Hibernate), Domain modeling on
MySql, API development (Go-Lang) and deployment on Serverless Architecture (AWS
Lambda).
 
Doctor Referral - Domain Modeling, implementation(java, dropwizard), stage and
production deployment(AWS). Objective was to enable patients to have a second
opinion with other doctors or the ability of consulting doctors to refer the patient to a
specialist doctor.
 
Recent Doctors - For the users that have consulted with doctors via tele-consultation,
recent doctors have to be shown to the user. The objective was to increase
engagement with doctors. Used Go-Lang with AWS Lambda to generate the recent
doctor list and store it as users' attributes.
 
Doctor Categories - Grouping the available doctors with categories - helps the user of
the app search doctors in relevant categories.
 
Actively involved in debugging and resolving bugs in production.
Deepak Marathe
Product Engineer / SDE3 - Data
Engineering at GO-JEK/Halodoc (Dec 2016 - Dec 2018)
Worked towards building a Self-Serve Data Platform scaling to Millions per day of
Transactional data in an Agile Environment adhering to Pair Programming and Test
Driven Development.
 
Framework for Data Consumption from Kafka, ﬁltering based on data, and relaying it to
pluggable sinks[console, database, http server] and evolved to plug dynamic sinks based on
application conﬁguration from Consul. Fault tolerance and recovery using retry with
Exponential Backoff semantics. Monitoring using Datadog/Statsd/JMX.
 
Data archival to cold storage(GCS/Secor) and analysis(Spark/Zeppelin).
 
Streaming
Data
Aggregation
using
[Kafka,Flink/Yarn,Inﬂux,Grafana].
Creation
and
management of HA Flink cluster on Google DataProc Service. Remote submission/launch of
data aggregators on ﬂink/yarn cluster.
 
Microservices: Customer Wallet Suspension Service for Fraud.
Java/spark, consul/HashiCorp for conﬁguration, gradle as build tool, gitlab as version
control and CI/CD. Used Hystrix dashboard/turbine for latency and fault tolerance, guava rate
limiter
for
rate
limiting
with
Instrumentation(Newrelic),
monitoring(datadog)
and
alerting(slack/pagerduty).
Senior Data Engineer at Intuit (Apr 2015
- Nov 2016)
Learned and Contributed to major projects in the IDEA BU. Ensure Code Quality
through Unit Tests, Functional Tests, Code Coverage.
Developed Voice Capabilities to Intuit's ﬂagship product - QuickBooks Online using
Amazon Voice Service/Alexa API on Amazon Echo hardware.
 
Distributed Conﬁguration Management Service
o
Client using Archaius from Netﬂix. Guice dependency injection, testable code- code
coverage, unit test, integration test, mocking.
o
REST server for conﬁguration service using AWS-EC2, Dropwizard framework,
AWS-DynamoDB.
 
Dragline: data copy tool from HDFS/Hive to Vertica.
o
Feature implementation - conﬁguration validator, logging improvements, bug ﬁxes,
code refactor for code quality.
o
Kerberos, HP Vertica,
o
Unit/Functional Tests for dragline: Improved code coverage numbers from 20% to
80%.
o
CI/CD for the project using Jenkins + Sonar.
 
Test Framework - API to generate Mock data for testing.
o
Data Source and Data Sink abstraction, extensible/pluggable data sources (Local FS,
HDFS, S3, Vertica, Hive). Random data preparation using schema deﬁnition supplied
via conﬁguration and pluggable schema adapters. Support for Vertica data types.
 
Sangria Console: Web Application for admin to blacklist/whitelist EINs
o
developed using Spring java + hibernate ORM tool. App deployed on tomcat.
Deepak Marathe
o
SSO integration and login module.
 
Extra contributions:
o
Hackathon - develop speech capabilities to Intuit's ﬂagship product - QuickBooks
Online using amazon voice service API to run QBO skill on Amazon Echo device.
Host a rest server in AWS using Elastic Beanstalk.
QBO Virtual Personal Assistant
ID: amzn1.echo-sdk-ams.app.caef4128-7866-4e4f-8f32-c7234f27e8d4
https://developer.amazon.com/edw/home.html#/skill/amzn1.echo-sdk-ams.app.caef4
128-7866-4e4f-8f32-c7234f27e8d4/en_US/info
o
Develop plugins to Intellij IDEA :
https://github.com/deepakmarathe/EditorOpenFilesCountPlugin
o
Home Audio System using Raspberry Pi : install VLC player, use LUA HTTP interface
to control the home theater connected to raspberry pi, using a handheld device
which has VLC player installed in it. (VLC remote).
Data Engineer/Senior Data Engineer
at InMobi (March 2012 - March 2015)
Developed ETL Pipelines for Batch Systems. Helped the team scale from handling a
few GB of data to a few hundred TBs contributing to a user base of hundreds of
million. Built visualization tools for easy onboarding, analyzed large amounts of data
to get insights on user patterns and helped business by building products atop
those.
 
Data Ingestion and Curation:
o
Built, deployed and managed data pipelines to ingest data from multiple sources.
Used HBase/HDFS for storage, Thrift-LZO for data modeling, and MR/Pig for ETL.
Also did some ad hoc analysis using Pig and Hive.
o
Augmented and automated data pipelines using in-house workﬂow scheduler (now
Apache Falcon) built on top of Oozie. Conﬁgured a dashboard to collect and monitor
metrics using Graphana.
o
Was on pager duty to maintain SLA of service.
 
Analytics and Products:
o
Understanding user interactions using data analysis:
▪
Improved
ability to target ads by extracting user visit patterns and
segregating users by devising scoring mechanisms to infer key metrics like
Daily Active Users, Monthly Active Users over large data sets. Evolved it to a
framework for custom Syntax Validations and Rule Based Classiﬁcation.
o
User Targeting suite: Interest targeting, Retargeting, Segment/Persona targeting).
▪
Implemented user classiﬁcation into various Personas - depending on
business decisions. Addressed challenges involved in User Proﬁle Creation,
Shipping to Local Data Centers, and Online-Cache population for ad serving.
 
Extra:
o
Participated in Hackathon conducted by InMobi: Developed a Data Pipeline Designer
to address the needs of product analysts. Self-Serve is a Web based visual data ﬂow
designer capable of performing data discovery and code generation for apache pig.
o
Participated in InMobi sports day and won Runner up trophy in Table Tennis men's
doubles category.
Deepak Marathe
System Software Engineer at Hewlett
Packard, STSD Bangalore (Aug 2010 - March 2012)
o
Application for Manageability of servers, named Replication Manager
-
Active/Passive Management of HP storage servers/ control the replication.
-
Web Application, Java.
o
Part of the Open Storage (OST) plug-in team.
-
OST plug-in implementation for HP D2D storage servers, to work with Symantec
‘NetBackup' solution, C/C++
-
Integration of client side deduplication.
-
Setup and Maintained build system and Automation for HP OST.
o
Hudson as the CI tool for build automation.
o
Builds automation on windows using visual studio command line utilities, ant,
with code coverage tools integrated.
o
Linux - rhel, suse build automation-using make.
-
In charge of maintaining thread related features and common code base.
ACADEMIC PROJECTS
 
Designed an Animation Package (in Java language) as part of a Computer Graphics project in the 4th
semester.
 
Designed a project on database technologies (in java language) as a part of Database Systems,
comprising basic functionalities of a typical database system.
 
Worked on a mobile application “m-Bank” to mobilize the banking process with the help of j2ME.
 
Worked on the Web Application ‘Online Chess Club' as a part of my curriculum project.
 
Designed ERP software for “Adlabs Foto Fast”.
INTERNSHIPS
 
Successfully completed a project on web-technologies involving Struts framework
(MVC) at Tavant Technologies, Bangalore.
 
Worked on HTML, AJAX, Reporting Tools at iNAT Technologies located at NITK Campus, Surathkal.
EDUCATION
COURSE
INSTITUTION
Year
PERFORMANCE
B. Tech
Information
Technology
NITK, Surathkal
2006-2010
CGPA - 8.00/10
12th Standard
(C.B.S.E.)
Javahar Navodaya Vidyalaya
Chara, Udupi
2005-2006
88.00%
10th Standard
(C.B.S.E.)
Javahar Navodaya Vidyalaya
Chara, Udupi
2003-2004
86.00%
Deepak Marathe
TECHNICAL INTERESTS
 
Generative AI, GPT-3, GPT-4
 
Web3 : Blockchain, Hyperledger, Tokens, SmartContracts
 
Distributed Computing : Data Processing at Scale, Streaming Data Processing, Complex Event
Processing, Real Time Analytics
 
Design and Analysis of Data Structures and Algorithms.
 
Object Oriented Programming.
 
Spatial Sound Processing (VST, Spatial Workstation/Facebook Audio 360)
HOBBIES
 
Software Development : https://github.com/deepakmarathe
 
Entrepreneurship, Angel Investor
 
Vedic Astrologer
 
Musician
o
Instrumental : Rumba Style Flamenco Music on a Nylon String Guitar :
https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x4qmuke
o
Electronic Music Production : Artist on Apple Music and Spotify, 2K
Shazams : https://open.spotify.com/artist/7u4oOi5IhlW4qHpsJghKih
PERSONAL INFORMATION
▪
Name
Deepak Marathe
▪
Phone Number
+918088936848
▪
E-mail
▪
Date of birth
▪
Linkedin
dpkmarathe@gmail.com
December 08, 1988
https://www.linkedin.com
/in/deepak-marathe/

Akanksha Rai  
Computer Engineer and Information Technology  
Career Objective:  -To work in an organization where I can utilize my technical competencies in the area of IT Skills.  
 
  91-9651791731  
 akanksharai0707@gmail.com  
 
linkedin.com/in/akanksharai01  
  
Educational Qualification  
  
Pursuing Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Information Technology from ABES Engineering College,  
Ghaziabad affiliated from AKTU University, Lucknow with an aggregate of 82.11% (till 7th Semester)  
  
12th from CBSE Board with 86.6% in year 2018  
 
Work Experience/Internship  
Organization: Amazon Alexa (Banglore) 
Duration: 6month  
Technology Used:  AWS, Lamda, Python, Java 
Learning: Develop and refine the skills, learn 
about deployment, AWS and practical 
experience on live projects. 
 Technical Skills  
  
C++, Python  
  
Data Structure and algorithm  
  
HTML,CSS,JAVASCRIPT  
  
MYSQL  
  
Machine learning algorithms  
  
Interpersonal Skills  
  
Team-Working, Team Player  
  
Negotiation, persuasion and  
influencing skills  
  
Self Motivated  
  
Problem solving and decision making  
  
Language Known  
  
English  
  
Hindi Hobbies  
  
Playing Badminton  
  
Dancing Extra-Curricular  
  
Theme coordinator at  Unnat 
Bharat Abhiyan  
  
Personal Details  
Date of Birth: 07/01/2001  
Father's Name: Rajesh Rai  
  
10th from CBSE Board with 95% in year 2016  
                                            Projects  
  1.Rumor Detection  
  
Technology: Python, Machine learning  
  
Description: The objective is to detect the rumor on social media Python based 
Computer Vision and Deep Learning libraries will be use for the development and 
testing of the project.  
2.Online Food delivering  
  
Technology: HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT  
  
Description: It is online food ordering responsive webpage  
3.Power Consumption in Lockdown  
  
Technology: Python  
  
Description: Based on data analysis to analyse the change in power 
consumption in lockdown  
 4.Smart Healthcare System (HEALTHX)  
  
Technology: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Django,Machine Learning  
  
Description: Smart Health Care System brings all the information      and 
processes of a hospital, in a single platform. The Health Prediction  application is an 
end user support and online consultation project.  
  
 
Certifications  
  
Certified in HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT from Coursera  
  
Certified in Basic Python from Hackerrank  
  
Certified in Basic Python from Coursera  
  
Certified in Data Structure and Algorithm from Udemy  
  
Certified in Cyber Security from CISCO  
Achievements  
  
Patent- Development of Intelligent System for Prevention of Viral Disease Spread 
Using AI techniques    
  
SuperCoder at Codequotient  
  
3* on Codechef  
  
5* in problem solving and C++ on Hackerank  
  
  
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Akanksha Rai  


Nyaradzo Chinoputsa 
Barnsley, UK (Willing to relocate) 
Mobile: +447907715301 
Email: nchinoputsa@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: https://uk.linkedin.com/in/nyaradzo-chinoputsa-0a9434132 
 
Profile  
A MSc in Global Marketing Management Graduate from The University of Sheffield and a BA (Hons) 
International Business with French and a Year Abroad Graduate. Committed and driven with experience in sales 
and customer service. I can work with a range of audiences and my international work experience in hospitality 
and tourism has enhanced my adaptability. My work experience as a Student Representative has enhanced my 
organisational and time management skills. I have a passion for creativity, and I am currently looking for entry-
level marketing, sales, customer-focused and social media marketing roles.  
 
Skills Profile  
  
First-Class Honours in my Marketing Dissertation.  
  
Outstanding communication and team-building skills developed through networking, hospitality, 
and tourism work experience and study abroad.    
  
Enhanced my flexibility, organisational and time management skills by balancing my studies with 
my work commitments - Overseas experience in the United States of America.  
  
Developed rapport and relationships with other students and staff members by attending meetings 
regularly at the University of Hertfordshire - Leadership role as a Student Representative.  
  
Organisation and time management - I enjoy working in a team by working collectively to meet 
deadlines and targets.  
Education  
MSc in Global Marketing Management at The University of Sheffield - September 2021- September 2022  
  
Relevant Modules: International Consumer Behaviour, Global Marketing, Marketing 
Communications. 
  
Dissertation Topic: A study of how Tik Tok influencers develop consumer and brand relationships 
in the UK context. 
BA (Hons) International Business with French and a Year Abroad at Bishop's University, Canada. 
Completed an Industrial Placement at Walt Disney World Parks and Resorts Inc. (2:1) -September 2016- 
May 2020.  
  
Certificate in Hospitality and Tourism Management -The University of California, Riverside 
Extension (June 2018-January 2019) - Disney's Academic Exchange Programme  
  
BBA Business Administration - Bishop's University, Canada (Study Abroad) (January 2019-May 
2019).  
Barnsley Sixth Form College 2014-2016  
  
A ‘Level Citizenship Studies, Health and Social Care, Sociology.  
 
Barnsley College 2014-2015  
  
Music Performance (QCF) - Distinction 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Professional Work Experience  
Marketing Assistant at The University of Sheffield (UNICUS Sheffield Ltd) 
Present Day (Part-Time) 
  
Delivery of multi-channel marketing activity for Accommodation and Commercial Services. 
  
Coordinating marketing projects and campaigns to ensure successful delivery, including research, 
print, digital, social and email marketing. 
  
Managing social media to maximise engagement, including Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter. 
  
Updating websites to drive engagement and ensure accuracy and relevance. 
  
Using Mail Chimp to create and produce content for e-newsletters. 
Alumni Ambassador for The Internship Experience - The Bright Network UK  
  
Networking and connecting with students.  
  
Promoting the internship experience to peer groups on social media channels.  
  
Sharing sector stream experiences with other students. 
  
Sharing key learnings from my experience on the Internship Experience UK 2020.  
NCS Assistant Recruitment Coordinator, Sheffield Wednesday Community Programme  
April 2021 - July 2021  
  
mplementing and coordinating a high quality NCS experience to a team of up to 15 Young People. 
  
Supporting the Team Leader in engaging with local volunteer centre, community groups and 
charities for social action project opportunities.  
  
Using salesforce to promote NCS events and to monitor weekly KPIs. 
  
Consulting with the Education Department to produce and promote social media posts on 
LinkedIn, Facebook, and Instagram through SWCCP Social Media Pages. 
Walt Disney World Cast Member, Walt Disney World Resort, Orlando, Florida, USA.  
July 2018 - January 2019  
Merchandise Customer Service Assistant   
  
Delivered guest services during busy seasons such as Christmas and Thanksgiving.  
  
Excellent customer service skills, working on the frontline and proficiently displayed diplomacy in 
handling and resolving guest queries.  
  
Developed skills such as teamwork as I worked with other individuals daily, all staff would help 
one another to ensure that the business operated smoothly.  
  
Effective communication and teamwork were paramount to success. 
Front of House Cast Member  
  
Accommodated guests with world-class customer service whilst on the frontline.  
  
Fulfilled guests' requests, multi-tasking, managing inventory, ensuring that sales targets were met. 
  
Educated and informed guests about the ethos of the organisation.  
  
Developed strong interpersonal skills by ensuring that service was delivered to guests on time. 
Student Representative for BA (Hons) International Business - University of Hertfordshire  
September 2016 - May 2018.  
  
Nominated by International Business classmates.  
  
Attended Business School meetings, reported and discussed with other business school students 
about what improvements could be made at the business school.  
  
Gathered information from the student body about what aspects of the course they enjoyed and 
what could be improved.  
  
Developed skills such as planning and leadership by building rapport with programme leaders.  
Awards/Achievements  
  
Frettwell-Downing Scholarship, 2021  
  
Certificate in Hospitality and Tourism Management, 2019 (University of California). 
  
Organizational Leadership, American Council on Education, 2018 (University of California).  
Extra-Curricular Activities  
  
Caribbean African Students Association, 2019 (Bishop's University). 
  
Student Representative, University of Hertfordshire, 2017, 2018 (University of Hertfordshire).  
  
Entrepreneurs Society 2016-2017 (University of Hertfordshire) - Active Member  
Interests  
I enjoy cooking, exploring social media, listening to music, and travelling. I hold a full and clean UK Driver's 
License.  
References 
Emma Chorley - Manager at UNICUS Sheffield Ltd (e.chorley@sheffield.ac.uk)  
Natasha Khilji - Programme Leader for International Business (g.khilji@herts.ac.uk)  

A Visual Director, UX Architect, 
and a tech geek who help turning 
complex problems into simple, beautiful
                 intuitive solutions through design 
PHONE +91 842 862 2714     EMAIL rohan.sherin@gmail.com     PORTFOLIOS www.issuu.com/rohan917
More than
12 years
of design
experience
SOCIAL SKILLS
SMART
WORK
TEAM
PLAYER
PRODUCT
MANAGEMENT
CONFIDENCE
AWESOME 
BLACK BELT
I'M GOOD
NOT BAD
AWESOMENESS
BLACK BELT
I'M GOOD
NOT BAD
 WORK EXPERIENCE
2009-2014
CREATIVE DIRECTOR
Activemind Inc., Canada
2013-2017
Consultant DESIGN STRATEGIST
MediaEdge Inc., Canada (Remote)
2017-2018
Consultant DESIGN STRATEGIST
Manage My Education (Remote)
2014-2017
VISUAL ARCHITECT
eHelium Advisory Services, India
2018-Present
DESIGN ARCHITECT
TSI (TPF Software Inc.), India
2009
Jr.DESIGNER
Uberflip, Canada
2008
Intern. TV PROD.
Sun Network, India
2007
Intern. PRINT+TVC
Exodus Ad Agency, India
85
90
90
75
65
65
75
40
VISUAL DIRECTION/
BRAND DESIGN
USER INTERFACE /
USER EXPERIENCE
CLIENT
PRESENTATION
DIGITAL
MARKETING
ADVERTISING
VIDEO EDITING+
COMPOSITING
INFOGRAPHICS
EDUCATION
2005-2008
MADRAS CHRISTIAN COLLEGE
B.Sc. Visual Communication
2008-2009
SHERIDAN COLLEGE
Advanced Television & Film (Direction+ Production)
2014
CSC
HTML5, CSS3
2004-2005
RAI UNIVERSITY
Animation, Design
ONLINE LEARNING
DESIGN THINKING
edex
MATERIAL DEISGN
udemy
SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING
edex
PERSONAL AND EMOTIONAL BRANDING
LinkedIn Learning
PRODUCT MANAGEMENT 
UpGrad
DIGITAL USER EXPERIENCE
LinkedIn Learning
SNIPPETS
Continents from which 
clients had been served
06
Industries for which
I have designed
17+
Branding Projects
around the world
50+
Employee of the year
at eHelium Advisory
2014
Working
experience in
every industry
worldwide
ME IN A NUTSHELL
PHONE +91 842 862 2714     EMAIL rohan.sherin@gmail.com     SKYPE rohanjacob917
SOME OF THE CLIENTS I WORKED WITH
and many more

Toufik Islam
Get in touch !
Professional Goals
I aim to become a Filmmaker & an engaging Content Creator in the
field of travel, photography, and filmmaking. I hope to create online
campaigns to inspire & motivate the youth.
Mobile: 
+91 7363844012
Email: 
toufik.official99@gmail.com
Portfolio: 
https://linktr.ee/itsmveer
Social Media:
@itsmveer
Instagram, YouTube, Facebook,
Twitter, LinkedIn
Address: 
E387/203, Shapoorji Sukhobrishti,
Newtown, Kolkata - 700135
Specializations
- Photography
- Video Creation
- Editing (Photos + Videos)
- Content Creation
- Graphic & Web Design
- Digital Marketing
- Social Media Management
- Search Engine Optimisation (SEO)
Languages Spoken
European:
English
Asian: 
Hindi , Bengali
Work Experience
Academic History
Amity University Kolkata
Bachelor of Journalism & Mass Communication | BA J&MC
- House Captain (1 yr)
- Senior Patrol Leader in Scout & Guide (2 yr)
- Participated in sports (2nd position in Athletics & Shot Put)
- Participated in Co-Curricular Activities (CCA)
- Performed in School Annual Functions
2022 Graduate (2019-2022)
- Member, The Media Club of ASCO
- Member, The Photography Club of ASCO
Kendriya Vidyalaya (CBSE)
Day Scholar | High School
Video Editor & Office Co-Ordinator (Part Time/Remote)
Newz 24 India | January 2021 - March 2021
- Edited news programs with Adobe Premiere Pro & Adobe After Effects
- Managed all the social media accounts (Daily Hunt, YouTube, Facebook)
- Scheduled Posts
- Increased reach of the social media presence
- Introduced new growth strategies (Hashtags & target audience)
Social Media Manager (Remote)
GamingonPhone | December 2021 - February 2022
- Designed Social Media Creatives
- Designed Monthly Strategy Plans
- Managed all the social media accounts.
- Helped them to achieve desired results
Graphic Designer (Internship)
The Tie Media | June 2021 - August 2021
- Designed Social Media Creatives
- Designed Promotional Banners
- Prepared Promotional Ad Videos (Adobe Premiere Pro & Adobe After Effects)
Video Editor (Full-time)
SVF Entertainment | December 2022 - Present 
- Editing teaser cuts
- Repurposing movie scenes cuts
- Editing stylised reels
- Editing content for social media

OBJECTIVE
To work in an environment which encourages me to succeed and grow
professionally where I can utilize my skills and knowledge
appropriately.
EDUCATION
Padmanava College of Engineering
2019-2022
Bachelor of Technology (ELECTRICAL AND ELECTRONICS
ENGINEERING)
76%
Govt Polytechnic Sambalpur (Rengali) , Odisha
2016-2019
Diploma in Engineering (ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING)
63%
Municipal College of Rourkela,Odisha
2014 - 2016
12th ( Commerce)
45%
St Gregorios Higher Secondary School
2014
10th(ICSE)
60.2%
PROJECTS
ADVANCE BLIND STICK
This stick is made for the blind person or low vision person.. This stick
contains ULTRASONIC SENSOR which sense the nearby objects in front
of the user and starts vibrating and beeping..We can vary the detection
distance by programming..It also contains switch for on/off , vibrator,
beep.It is a user friendly device.It makes life easier for blind people..It
is also very helpful for the old age persons.
Created A Spotify Clone Using HTML CSS & JavaScript
In this , we ﬁrst add the header with the section tag after that the image
is inserted with the help of img tag then we started adding the
navigation links with anchor tags and further div tags have been
implemented for every element in the html code..
Why Spotify:- 
Spotify Apps are written in JavaScript, HTML, and CSS; just like a web
app. We believe in the future of web standards. These APIs give you
access to all of the powerful features in the Spotify desktop client with
simple Javascript functions. In a sense, it's like Chromium shipped with
15 million songs.
@
O
,
SUBHAM VISHWAKARMA
CONTACT
svdjmix26@gmail.com
7606879748
Sector-21 Rourkela,Odisha
IT SKILLS
JAVA , SQL, HTML CSS , JAVA
SCRIPT
LANGUAGES
Hindi , English
INTERESTS
Cooking
Gardening
Playing Badminton

Siva Kumar M 
Fresher 
 
sivaks6102001@gmail.com 
 
 
            +91 8778828680
 
 
OBJECTIVE 
 
To serve in a challenging position in a respectable organization to expand my learning, knowledge, and skills. 
Secure responsible carrier opportunity to fully utilize my talents and skills, while making a significant contribution to the 
success of the company. 
 
SKILL SET 
 
➢ 
Development Languages 
 
: 
Core Java, HTML, CSS 
➢ 
Database 
 
 
: 
SQL 
➢ 
IDE / Code Editor  
 
: 
Visual Studio 
➢ 
Operating Systems 
 
:  
Windows 
➢ 
Cloud Computing  
 
: 
AWS - EC2, S3, EBS, ELB, ASG, AMI, VPC 
➢ 
Source Code Management Tools 
: 
GitHub, Git 
 
 
PROFILE SUMMARY 
 
  
Well Trained and developed skills and knowledge in Core Java Languages. 
  
Excellent Knowledge of Core Java Development. 
  
Having a good knowledge of writing MySQL Queries from a Development standpoint. 
  
Good understanding and knowledge of using Visual Studio for development activities. 
  
Basic Knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for Application Frontend Development. 
  
Basic understanding on AWS Cloud and few services like EC2, S3, EBS, ELB, ASG and AMIs. 
  
Good Knowledge of using Windows Operating System. 
 
 
EDUCATION DETAILS 
 
 
  
Completed B.Com.(59%) in Tranquebar Bishop Manikkam Lutheran College, Poraiyar. (2021 pass out) 
  
Completed 12th (51%) in Srinivasa Higher Secondary School, Melaiyur. (2018 pass out) 
 
 
PROFESSIONAL TRAINING 
 
  
Currently pursuing training at Q-Spiders Institute, Vadapalani, Chennai for the below - 
 
  
SQL  
o 
Excellent Knowledge of writing SQL Queries. 
o 
Good Understanding of SQL concepts like Grouping, Sub Queries, Functions, etc. 
o 
Solid Understanding of SQL Joins. 
o 
Good Knowledge of DQL, DDL, DML, and TCL. 
 
  
Java 
o 
OOPS (Object Oriented Programming Languages) Concepts 
o 
Control Flow Statements 
o 
Arrays 
o 
Exception Handling 
o 
Wrapper Class 
o 
Thread 
o 
Collection Frame Work 
 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 
  
Date of Birth 
 
: 
06-Jul-2001 
  
Gender  
 
:  
Male 
  
Marital Status 
 
: 
Single 
  
Father's Name  
: 
Meenatchisundaram 
  
Languages Known 
: 
Tamil, English 
  
Nationality 
 
:  
Indian 
  
Address  
 
:  
Sithalapakkam, Chennai-600131. 
 
I hereby declare that all above information is correct with truth up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibilities for 
the correctness of the above mentioned particulars. 
 
Date:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
Place:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SIVA KUMAR M 
 

Digital Marketing 
Hardworking individual, with creative skills and knowledge
of trends. Have a versatile portfolio and a great deal of
confidence in any work I take up. Team player with an eye
for detail and perfection.
Career Objective
Marketing Intern
1st May 2020- 
1st May 2021
Work
Experience
Create weekly and monthly editorial calendars to
promote company brands on various social media
websites
Track social media engagement to identify high-
performing ideas and campaigns for scalability
Assist with the design and execution of social media
campaigns and Support marketing team at live and
online events
Digiter  
marketing agency
PR Intern
Making PR report for all three brands According to the
months and adding all the coverages uploaded in the
months
Making content for SEO website for each category for
Lakme Salon website 
Tracking media ( Press ) and all the coverage 
26th May 2021- 
27th Sept 2021
Lakme, 
Hindustan Unilever
SONIA DARYANI
Creative Approach
Content Creation
Fluent Speaking 
Trend Knowledge
Marketing Skills
Additional Skills
+91 8655262791
soniadaryani99@gmail.com
Mulund west, Mumbai
E-Commerce Intern
Execute website updates including site content, product
information, blog posts, editorial images, and any
ongoing sales
Assist with email marketing campaigns and social
media strategies
1st Oct 2021- 
31st Jan 2022
Juicy Chemistry
Social Media Intern 
Strategized with team to create business plan,
Initiated a series of marketing campaigns including
      purchase, branding, advertising, remodeling, and
      marketing for various brands.
      email, digital, and social media.
20th Feb 2022- 
21st April 2022
Know 
Your Entrepreneur

Social Media Strategist
Striving for excellence is something
that I live by, and I believe that this
is the best way to make an impact. My
enthusiasm and positivity are
contagious and make it easy to
collaborate with anyone in the room.
Working with me would be an adventure,
as my creative ideas are always
inspired by the unexpected. 
Priyanka
Priyanka
..Rao
Rao
Content Creator
priyanka10051@gmail.com
https://priyanka10051.wixsite.com/mysite1
Educati n
W rk Experience
Kingston University, UK
BAHons in Fashion Designing 
Creatively led monthly issues and managed the
entire team along with digital marketing 
BOLD MAGAZINE
Curated, directed and styled monthly shoots
along with creative articles and social media
posts. 
FACE MAGAZINE
Single-handedly took care of the social media
platform along with in-house shoots and
events.
THEVASA
Indian Institute of Art and Design 
Diploma in Design & Applied Arts 
Let's create 
magic together!

Sarjhana Ragunathan Brindha
+44 7824061765; sarjhur@gmail.com,
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sarjhana/, https://github.com/Sarjhana
EDUCATION
King's College London
Sept. 2022
MSc Artificial Intelligence
Pass with Merit (68%)
 
Relevant Modules: Data Mining, AI Planning, Computer Vision, AI Reasoning & Decision Making,
Nature-Inspired Learning Algorithms, Pattern Recognition, Neural Networks, and Deep Learning.
 
Dissertation: Explainable Predictive Frameworks from Medical Time Series supervised by Dr. Zina Ibrahim.
 
Aim: Develop an interpretable classifier using a next-generation Neurosymbolic AI approach, “Logic
Explained Networks” that produces first-order logic explanations for time-series data. Github
Anna University
May 2021
B.Engg. Computer Science & Engineering
CGPA : 8.7/10
 
Team Research Project: Early Detection of Alzheimer's Disease
 
Proposed a novel approach of combining Residual Neural Networks(ResNet) and Ensemble Learning
(Majority Voting).
 
Led the team to preprocess MRI Brain Images from the ADNI dataset and implement the ResNet
classifier using Transfer Learning. Github
WORK EXPERIENCE
National Health Service (NHS - CAMHS) London, UK
Feb 2023 - Present
Clinical Informatician
 
Conducted research and developed extensions for NLP solutions to analyse unstructured health records data.
 
Developed several Robotic Process Automation (RPA) bots using industry-leading technologies to automate
business processes and enhance operational efficiency.
 
Conducted rigorous testing and debugging of RPA bots to ensure accurate functionality, identify and resolve
issues, and optimize performance.
Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (KCL) London, UK
Aug 2022 - Feb 2023
Senior Analyst (Part-time)
 
Performed data extraction, manipulation, and analysis using Microsoft SQL Server for ADHD research
projects.
 
Created impactful reports, dashboards, and data visualizations using Power BI to analyse mental health data.
Predactica LLC Remote
Aug 2021 - Oct 2022
AI/ML R&D consultant (Part-time)
 
Worked on researching and developing Explainable AI capabilities to generate global and local explanations
using the SHAP and LIME libraries.
 
Tested counterfactual understanding of churn data and performed clustering for customer segmentation to
help Fortune 500 companies diagnose and reduce customer churn rate resulting in a 20% increase in revenue.
 
Authored optimal codes to effectively formulate Model Stability using Population Stability Index (PSI) and
Characteristic Stability Index (CSI).
 
Acted as a single point of communication between the intern team and management team to engineer the
new features and integrate them into the existing product.
 
Built LSTM, CNN, NN, and BERT models to test various explainability libraries like SHAP, LIME, and ex-BERT
using TensorFlow and Huggingface.
Hatch Chennai, India
June 2019 - July 2019
Software Developer (Intern)
 
Collaborated with the developer team to work on the demands specified by the client and created a
prototype for a mobile application using React-Native that underwent various mockups.
TECHNICAL SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS
Technologies:
Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, NLP, Computer Vision
Programming:
Python, C, C++, Dart, Matlab, R
Databases:
MySQL, FireBase
Libraries:
Tensorflow, Pytorch, Keras, Scikit Learn, NLTK, Numpy, Pandas, SHAP, LIME, DICE
Certifications:
Artificial Intelligence(Harvard University), Machine Learning(Stanford University),
Deep Learning Specialization (CNN, LSTM from Coursera),
Introduction to Programming using Python(Microsoft, Credential ID - wLps5-H9MW)
PROJECTS
People Detection, Tracking and Counting
June 2021
 
Developed an object detector, tracker, and counter in TensorFlow using state-of-the-art techniques - YOLOv4
and DeepSORT. GitHub
AI in Marketing
Jan. 2021
 
Trained a K-Means Clustering Model on customer dataset to identify similar groups which can be used for
targeted ads or customised marketing campaigns.
 
Performed Exploratory Data Analysis and PCA dimensionality reduction. GitHub
Credit Card Default Detection
May 2020
 
Trained an XGBoost model with hyperparameter tuning by a Grid search to predict if a customer would
default on credit card payments. GitHub
ACHIEVEMENTS
Winner, Smart India Hackathon
Aug. 2020
 
Developed ‘MIDDAY MEALS', an automated auditing system to monitor the free lunch scheme employed in
over 1 million schools across India, for a 36-hour hackathon conducted by The Government of India.
 
Achieved 95% accuracy for Custom Food Detection model trained in SSD EfficientDet. Github
Winner, Think-a-thon
Feb. 2019
 
Created prototype of Optical Character Recognition (OCR) system for automating and validating bank cheques
using Tesseract and Android Studio for a 24-hour hackathon conducted by Anna University, India. Github
Best Innovation Award, SAACHACK
July 2018
 
Designed and implemented the project ‘ParkSmart', an automated cloud-based parking system using Android
Studio for a 24-hour hackathon conducted by Anna University, India. Github
LEADERSHIP RESPONSIBILITIES & VOLUNTEERING EXPERIENCE
Python Instructor, Hatch School of Code
May 2020 - Aug 2020
 
Taught foundational basics to advanced-level hands-on Python coding for kids of age 5 to 15.
President, Association of Computer Engineers, Anna University
July 2018 - May 2021
 
Played a crucial role in organising various technical events, hackathons, and the National level Symposium
“Interrupt” for three consecutive years as a president, secretary, and an executive member.
 
Accomplished a 40% increase in student participation by enforcing new marketing strategies.

Surya Prabha,
Golthi
7658952747
prabhagolthis@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/prabha2997
OBJECTIVE
To Achieve high career growth through a continuous process of learning for achieving goals &
keeping myself dynamic in the changing scenario to become a successful professional and
leading to the best opportunity where my skills can add to the growth of the organization and
achieve perfection and excellence in work.
EDUCATION
PGD in Health Safety & Environment | National institute of Fire & Safety, Vizag
2019 - 2020
Percentage: 84.5
B. Tech (Civil Engineering) | Shri Vishnu Engineering College for Women,
Bhimavaram
2014 - 2018
CGPA: 7.51
Intermediate (MPC) | Sri Chaitanya Jr. College, Bhimavaram
2012 - 2014
Percentage: 91.1
SSC | Aditya English medium School, Bhimavaram
2012
GPA: 9.2
SOFTWARE PROFICIENCY
 
Decent Programming Knowledge in Python
 
Good hands-on in writing SQL Queries and QA Testing
 
Good knowledge in Agile methodology & JIRA
 
Good Knowledge in MS Excel
SKILLS
 
Self-Motivated
 
Good levels of Communication Skills
 
Problem solving skills
 
Good Team Player
 
Hard Worker
 
Competent
PROJECT WORK
Seismic Analysis & Design of (G+3) Building by using ETABS and STAAD.Pro
Description: The objective of our project is to conduct complete seismic analysis and designing
of the main structural elements of multi-storey building such as Slabs, Beams, and Columns. The
various structural elements of multi-storey building need to be designed taking the strength and
stability factors into consideration. The building was designed by considering dead load and live
load according to standards and by considering seismic force to ensure the safety and keeping
careful balance between economy and safety. Structural members of the project analyzed and
designed by using the software's like STAAD.Pro and E-Tabs. The building should sustain all the
loads and deformation of normal construction and have adequate desirability and resistance to
the effects of seismic force.
INDUSTRIAL VISITS
 
An Industrial Visit to ceramic tiles factory near Mandavilli in 2015.
 
A visit to the multi-purpose National project “Polavaram Project” on the Godavari River in
the West Godavari District and East Godavari District in Andhra Pradesh.
 
Visited multiple paper industries in Andhra Pradesh.
 
Specifically, I have a good knowledge in Effluent treatment plants in paper industries.
ACHIEVEMENTS & PARTICIPATIONS
 
Student Coordinator for “MEDHA MILAN” (National Student Symposium for Women) at
SVECW 2017.
 
Volunteered for “Vishnu E-Moto Championship” at SVECW 2016.
 
Participated in the event “WEALTH FROM WASTE” conducted by Eco friendly association at
SVECW.
 
Won in the event “Quiz” & “EXTEMPORE” conducted by ISTE STUDENT CHAPTER at SVECW.
 
Participated in the event “INTERSTELLAR” conducted by Amateur Astronomy Association” at SVECW.
 
Skilled in Basics of Music and Dance.
LANGUAGES KNOWN
 
English, Telugu, Hindi
HOBBIES
 
Reading books
 
Yoga and Meditation
 
Watching Movies and Shows
 
Blogging
 
Surfing Internet
DECLARATION
- I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.
Surya Prabha, Golthi
2

Vineet Vishwakarma
+91 6260437738 | vineetvishwakarma101@gmail.com | Indore
PROFILE
Skilled in Java and Web Development, with
a strong passion for crafting dynamic web
applications and ensuring seamless user
experiences. ProficientinJavaScript,adept
at innovative problem-solving, and com-
mitted to staying updated with cutting-
edge technologies.
EDUCATION
BACHELOR OF TECHNOLOGY
Lakshmi Narain College Of
Technology
2019-2023 | Indore, India
  Computer Science Engineering
  Live Backlog: 0
  CGPA: 8.7/10
CLASS XII (M.P BOARD)
Holy Faith Convent School
90%
2018-2019 | Garhakota, M.P
CLASS X (M.P BOARD)
Holy Faith Convent School
89%
2016-2017 | Garhakota, M.P
LINKS
Github:// VineetVishwakarma
LinkedIn:// vineet-vishwakarma
SKILLS
PROGRAMMING
  C/C++   Java   MySQL   PHP
  API's   HTML/CSS   JavaScript
  React   Node   Express   MongoDB
MISCELLANEOUS
  Amazon AWS   DBMS   Operating
System   Agile   GitHub
  Data Structure   Linux   Blockchain
PERSONAL SKILLS
  Adaptability
  Problem-solving
  Time management
  Teamwork
  Leadership
EXPERIENCE
CODESMASH | Backend
May 22 - Oct 22 | Remote
  Developed and maintained scalable and efficient backend applications using
Node.js and related frameworks, such as ExpressJs.
  Built complex web applications utilizing Node.js for server-side development
and integrating APIs for seamless data exchange.
  Integrated third-party services, such as payment gateways, social media APIs,
and email providers, into NodeJs applications to enhance functionality.
PROJECTS
BLOCKCHAIN EXPLORER
Feb 2023 - Mar 2023 | Indore
  Developed a Blockchain Explorer to allow users to explore and interact with a
blockchain network using a web-based interface.
  Utilized web3.js library to interact with the Ethereum blockchain and retrieve
transaction and block data.
  Utilized technologies such as React, Node.js, and Ethereum smart contracts to
build the system.
AUTHENTICATION SYSTEM
Jan 2023 - Feb 2023 | Indore
  Designed and developed an Authentication System using Nodejs for secure
user authentication and authorization.
  Utilized the popular Express framework to build the back-end server and
handle HTTP requests.
  Integrated a MongoDB database to store and manage user information and
session data.
COMPETITIONS
MLH HACKATHON - HACKTHEPLAN
March 2023 | Remote
  Our Diverse 'Planit' Team: Comprising four individuals with unique skill sets, we
successfully developed and launched an Event Planning App website using
NextJs, which is now live hosted on Vercel
CERTIFICATION
  Accenture Developer Virtual Experience Program.
  AWS Academy Graduate - Cloud Foundations Certified Batch .
  Udemy Certified Full-Stack Web Developer.
ACHIEVEMENTS
  Recipient of Prestigious Inspire Scholarship by Government.
  Got rank 95 in top coders of India in Next Level App.
  Participated in Google Cloud Ready Facilitator Program .
  Acquired proficiency in solving over 150 problems on HackerRank, showcasing
a robust aptitude for algorithmic and computational problem-solving.

 
Education 
BA Environment and Business (2:1, Upper second) 
Oct 2019 - Jun 2022 
University of Leeds 
Leeds, United Kingdom 
Related module: Environmental Research Project (67%), Skills for Environmental Social Science (65%),  
Evidence-based Consultancy (66%), Research in the Environmental Social Sciences (71%) 
 
Professional Experience 
Consulting and Digital Marketing Project 
Sep 2021 - Dec 2021 
Filamentive 
Leeds, United Kingdom 
3D printing company using sustainable resources only for printing purposes, based in Bradford. 
-  Plan, execute digital marketing campaigns for customer acquisition (local SME) across Facebook, Instagram, Actively  
  reviewed CRM system to re-define target audience, conducted Google Trend research, before creating a customer journey  
  map, marketing calendar to plan, optimised campaign (e.g. content, keywords, scheduling). Conversion increased 20%. 
- Designed, executed B2B email campaign for lead generation, using HubSpot - CRM. Actively draft email calendar, after      
  extracting data from CRM system. Conduct AB testing, to spot best email copywriting (in terms of open rate, conversion,      
  bounce rate. Referenced competitors' best practise for content distribution. Lead generation increased by 20%.    
- Advise the founder on tracking environmental improvement by conducting environmental appraisal and internal meetings with 
employees via planning, consenting, and executing online, offline surveys. Extract and monitor quantitative, qualitative data to 
design sustainable strategies by running environmental threat and opportunity profile analyses. Potential threat reduced to 
20%. 
- Initiated regular meetings with Founder and requested internal data to create an excel spreadsheet identifying environmental 
impact by forecasting, calculating variables, incl. energy consumption, carbon footprint, temperature. Visualised, presented 
data to the founder in a report. Implemented environmental impact assessment (EIA) to evaluate potential environmental 
impact. Review EIA performance, impact reduced by 15%, supported by environmental scanning.  
Sustainability Consulting Project 
Feb 2020 - Jun 2021 
Opera North 
Leeds, United Kingdom 
National Opera company and a leading UK arts organisation, based in Leeds. 
- Advised client - Opera North on carbon-neutral 2030 strategy by producing supply chain's environmental impact 
reduction analysis. Proposed, EIA planning and evaluated stakeholder engagement with the local council. 
Produced environmental statement, brought up staff sustainability awareness by 20%. 
- Introduced environment screening and continuous improvement on opera procurement after observing a high 
disposal rate on props and costumes. Produced cost & benefit analysis on opera's 3R strategy proposal by 
reusing clothes (visualise cost-saving) and industry research on sustainable fashion (show industry new 
standard). Carbon footprint reduced by 20%. 
Project Leader 
Nov 2019 - Dec 2019 
Straw Bale Hotel Project 
Leeds, United Kingdom 
-Analysed environmental reports on transition network and sustainable regeneration initiatives in Todmorden. Assessed 
environmental investigation, planned, and redesigned the local high street to support a low carbon future with the local 
community (Incredible edible). Targeted ecological footprint reduced by 10%. Proposed the potential for future sustainable 
development by assessing EIA and gaining permission from the local council. Conducted data analysis via the clone town 
survey. 
Voluntary Work 
Committee member, Student Union, TWGHs S.C.Gaw Memorial College.                                       Sep 2015- Sep 2016 
                                                                                                                                                                   Hong Kong 
IT SKILLS 
Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Words), SPSS (Intermediate), NVivo (Beginning),  
Google Analytics (Beginning), Canva (Beginning), Hubspot (Intermediate)
Language 
English (Fluent), Cantonese (Native), Mandarin (Native)
Ka Wing Yip
201, Switch House East 
Circus Road East, 
London, SW8 5BN    
seraphinaayip@gmail.com 
Tel: 07546927848

7666569109
@pranamidas
pranamidas104@gmail.c
om
EXPERIENCE
CONTACTS
Content Management
Media Communications
Event Management
Project Management
Multimedia Production
PR & Marketing
I aspire for a professional career in a leading corporate of hi-tech environment with
committed and dedicated people, which will provide me growth, opportunities and give a
chance to constantly add values to the organization. And also aspire to pursue any kind of
challenging assignment with a frontline organization that requires professionals to utilize
their skills and abilities while being resourceful, innovative and flexible for the
organization.
Research Data Management
CTR was a startup project under TM Ventures focusing on the
development of an app which will cater to the needs of musical talents
and industry professionals from the industry.
Operations Manager | TM Ventures (CTR)
2020-2022
Talent Acquisition
Client Servicing
Conceptualizing For Lounge & Corporate Events
Getsetgig was an Artist Booking platform that manages performing
artists for live events across the country.
BD & Artist Manager | GetSetGig
2019
Makhanlal Chaturvedi University
of Journalism
MAAPR
2020
Makhanlal Chaturvedi University
of Journalism
BAMC
2016
B. Baruah College
12th
2012
Hello, I'm Pranami
EXPERTISE
EDUCATION
Pranami
D a s
O p e r a t i o n s  M a n a g e r
Team Supervision & Management
App testing
Operations Management
Content Management
Planning & Strategising
Web Content Creation
Client Servicing & Networking
Digital Marketing
Client Servicing & Strategy Management
Conceptualizing and Content Writing 
Agrahyah Technologies is a digital marketing agency providing services to
A lister brands of different domain.
Account Manager | Agrahyah Technologies
2022- Present
ACHIEVEMENTS
PR Associate | White Marque Solutions
2016
White Marque Solutions is a PR firm catering to PR solutions to different
clients from different industries.
PR Associate | Viral Mantra Public Relations
2016
Viral Mantra Public Relations was a Fashion PR Agency catering to the
PR Solutions for renowned Fashion Designers from the Indian Fashion
Industry.
Visharad in Vocals
Bhatkhande Sangeet Vidyapeeth
Guest RJ
Ooolala 91.9 FM
BIG FM
Red FM
Anchoring
Ramdhenu Channel
NE TV
KEY COMPETENCIES
Strong Focused Leader
Initiative - Driven
Inquisitive & Resilient
Ability To Adopt Quickly
Clear Communicator
Deliverable - Oriented
Creative Thinker
LANGUAGES
English
Hindi
Assamese
BRANDS ASSOCIATIATED WITH
All About Music 2022
Doordarshan
Sa Re Ga Ma Pa
Essel Vision
Prime Focus Technologies
The Mileage
NDTV
Garima Productions
PERSONAL
INFORMATION
DOB
10-01-1995
Marital Status
Single
Current Location
Andheri West, Mumbai
Hometown
Guwahati, Assam
Video Editing
Video Production
In.com was the digital platform under Network 18, that showcased daily
news and innovative videos for different genres.
Junior Producer | Network 18 (In.com)
2017-2018 
Web Content Production
CMS Management
Team Management
We Chat

 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/afaaf-
adam-2694ba265 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Campaign Management
Fundraising
Journalism
Afaaf Adam
Student at INTI International University & Colleges, Copywriter,
Videographer at Southpaw MY & Host of This Week in Maldives
Podcast
Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia
Summary
WHO AM I?
Born and bred in the tiny island nation of Maldives, I moved to the
big city of Kuala Lumpur in 2021 in order to pursue my passion for all
things creative. I am a self-proclaimed film buff, who loves to crochet,
cosplay and play 8-ball pool.  
WHAT DO I DO? 
Currently, I host and produce a weekly podcast titled "This week in
Maldives" for the news portal known as Rashu.mv. I also work part-
time as a videographer for Southpaw Malaysia - a Youtube channel
covering the local MMA scene in Malaysia. 
Prior to arriving in Malaysia for my studies, I joined Raajje TV as
a junior video journalist in the English News department; Later, I
became a news anchor for the local news in English. During my time
at the TV station, I learnt how to create news content under pressure
but I also realised my true passion lies specifically in creative story-
telling, whichever form it may take. 
WHAT YOU REALLY NEED TO KNOW ABOUT ME. I AM:
1) A HARD WORKER - I have made good use of every semester
break since I arrived in the country, taking every opportunity that
came my way to work in this field from copywriting to online content
creation.
2) A PEOPLE-PERSON - To get a story, I have to talk to lots
of people. I also enjoy making people laugh and feel fulfilled by
volunteer work. After high school, I joined the local Rotaract Club
where I organised fundraisers and community service events such
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
as weekly beach cleanups. During my time there, I served one term
each as Treasurer and Secretary. 
3) CREATIVE - On a semester break, I interned in the pre-production
and production phase of the Malaysian TV series "Murder By
Moonlight". Working under the art & costume department, I had to
improvise with the tools and materials provided and create props
within a time limit. Never had I been happier and more excited to
hear the words "figure it out yourself"
4) FAST-LEARNER: When I began most of my various jobs, I often
did not have relevant experience. However, I picked up the required
skills over time while on the job.
Experience
Rashu.mv
Producer + Host
November 2022 - Present (9 months)
Malé, Maldives
Southpaw Malaysia
Videographer
April 2022 - Present (1 year 4 months)
Malaysia
Freelance
Content Writer
2018 - Present (5 years)
Raajje TV
Video Journalist
September 2019 - April 2020 (8 months)
Malé, Maldives
MarComms Maldives
Staff Writer
August 2017 - April 2018 (9 months)
Male' City, Maldives
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
What began as a marketing assistant for Taste Magazine - a bi-monthly
publication covering the Maldives food & beverage industry - soon launched
a career in writing. This was my first foray into writing as a profession and by
the end of my time at Taste magazine, I received the chance to be co-editor-
in-chief on the 5th issue. The experience of working with creative professionals
inspired me to continue working in the media industry.
Education
University of Hertfordshire
Bachelor of Arts - BA, Mass Communication/Media Studies · (April
2020 - December 2023)
INTI International University & Colleges
 · (2020 - 2023)
Centre for Higher Secondary Education
A-levels, Science · (May 2012 - July 2014)
Hiriya School 
O'levels, Science · (2009 - 2011)
 
Page 3 of 3

 
 
EDUCATION 
2019-2021  
Bachelor in Art: Chinese Literature -   
National Central University, Taiwan   
 
03/2020-09/2020(Cancelled due to Covid-19) 
University of Stuttgart                                            
Exchange Student (with scholarship) 
Stuttgart, Germany                                                                                
 
2022-2023 
Postgraduate of MSc Marketing 
Durham University, United Kingdom 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
11/2021-8/2022 
Relation Manager Assistant - O-bank, Taipei 
 
Responsible for variable data analysis and visualization, gained by SQL, in 
the Salary Transfer Department. 
 
Responsible for monthly department Self-Inspection of the Financial 
Supervisory Commission. 
 
Supporting the marketing events, such as introducing the latest ESG cards 
by cooperating with the P+ League basketball Public Relations team. 
 
Responsible for making weekly working performance PowerPoint. 
 
Calculating, analyzing and visualizing monthly sales performance by Excel. 
 
Working on different cases with cross-functional communication. 
09/2019-12/2019 
Sales and Customer Services-Ming-Ren Leather, Taipei 
 
Responsible for customer service, such as, introducing our services, 
delivering their leather goods, and communicating with the workers on 
phone. 
 
In charge of developing more customers online by Facebook and 
Instagram and in person, persuading them to purchase our services. 
 
Dealing with clients' arguments about the quality of the services.  
07/2019-08/2019 
Part time assistant-JING-CHI management consulting, Taipei 
  
Responsible for assignments from the manager. 
  
Dealing with a government department-Ministry of health and welfare. 
Phone: 
+44 7467 342557 
 
E-Mail: 
chenyouxuan87@gmail.com 
 
Linkedin: 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/yu-
hsuan-chen-180239242 
Skill Highlights 
 Multitasking 
 Efficiency 
 Communication Skills 
 Data Analysis and Visualization 
 Detail-oriented 
Languages 
Mandarin --- Native 
English ---Fluent (IELTS overall 7) 
Taiwanese ---Native 
Japanese --- Basic 
German --- Studied 
French --- Studied 
YU HSUAN CHEN(Jarita) 
A resilient, goal-oriented, efficient and creative individual with excellent 
coordination and communication skills, which was acknowledged by the 
manager of former workplace. Formerly worked in O-bank as a department 
assistant for 10 months before entering MSc Marketing in Durham. Highly 
engaged in several projects and data analysis in former job. Experienced 
with multiple culture team working with people from 10+ countries. 
  
EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
  09/2017-06/2018 
  Chinese Literature Department, National Central University 
  Public Relation/Leader in cross department events 
 
Leading PR team and building connections between University and firm 
 
Holding events for 100+ students from different departments 
 
Controlling the budget for orientation activities 
 
10/2017-05/2018 
 Voluntary Works 
 
Teaching and accompanying elementary students in the morning once a week for 3 months--- Innovated Flipped classroom lectures as a 
team representative of lecture organizing team. 
 
Accompanying disabled people after school 4 hours a week for 3 months--- Responsible for accompany projects. 
 
Helping hearing Impaired person wash cars during their working time. 
 
 
Doing volunteer work for the local libraries for 16 hours every year (since 13 years old). 
 
HOBBIES AND INTEREST 
 
Play table tennis (since 6 years old) 
 
Play volleyball  
 
Work out (since 15 years old) 
SKILLS 
 
Programming Languages: Python (Basic), SQL 
 
IT: Microsoft words, Microsoft power point, Microsoft excel, Teams, Outlook, Zoom, SEO, SEM 
REFERENCES 
          Department Head of O-Bank 

Shubham Bhatt
UI/UX Designer
Details  
3/595 Aravali Vihar, Alwar, Rajasthan 
+91-9024367646
shubhambhatt.jan18@gmail.com
links
Behance
Linkdin
Skills 
User Experience Designing
Product Designing
User Interface Designing
Graphic Designing
Tools 
Figma
Adobe XD
Adobe Illustrator
Adobe Photoshop
Profile
User Experience Designer with 2+ years of experience and a collaborative mindset, 
solving design problems in a user-centered and innovative way to create product 
and experience solutions based on business goals and user requirements.
Employment History
Brains Valley IT
I work on a variety of projects for companies. My main responsibilities include 
creating user interaction touch points, identifying user needs, and executing all 
visual design stages from concept to final hand-off to the developer.

key Responsibility : 
Experience design starting from discovery, delivery, and design evaluation Conduct 
user interviews, develop personas, user journeys, task flows, wireframes, rapid 
prototyping, usability testing, and create user interfaces.
Freelancing UI/UX
key Responsibility : 
Product Design, Experience design, User Interface design, User journeys, Task 
flows, Wireframes, IA, Prototyping, and usability testing, User interview, AB testing.
The Design Trip
Work with the user experience team in The Design Trip. The work involved creating 
problem-solving high-quality designs starting from wire frames to visuals; 
Generating concepts on basis of User research and creating workflows, 
storyboards, and prototypes to communicate them, and dealing with the product 
management and developer's teams for the implementation of the designs.

key Responsibility :
Experience design, user journeys, task flows, wireframes, IA, rapid prototyping, and 
usability testing, User Interface design.
Education
Bachelor of Commerce
Rajasthan University 
12th  Commerce 
2015
B. L. Public Senior Sec. School, Rajasthan
10th
2015
B. L. Public Senior Sec. School, Rajasthan
Courses
User Experience Design

2022
2017
2013
2011
27/05/2022 - 18/04/2023
Ankita Sanjay Nikam
Flat no 2002, C wing, Aadi Allure, Near Parivar Society,
Kanjurmarg East, Mumbai 400042
9930530464  | ankitanikam89@gmail.com
Objective
I seek challenging opportunities where I can fully use my skills for the success of the organization.
Education
TBS Institute
Digital Marketing
Mumbai University
B.Com
Mumbai University
HSC
Mumbai University
SSC
Skills
Creating google search ads
Creating a google ads campaign
Brand awareness campaign
Social media marketing - Facebook, Instagram, Twitter
Email marketing
SEO
SEM
Communication skills- Coordinate with all Spoc's of entire Vistara network for requirement of staff.
Technical skills- MS Excel SAP MM Powerpoint MS Word
Product knowledge- Dispatch exact uniform material as indented.
Listening skills- Listen properly to the requirement and dispatch proper sizes of uniform.
Problem solving attitude- Resolve the problem quickly if any damage or change in size is observed.
Time management skills- Dispatch uniform materials on timely basis.
Ability to respond quickly- Revert quickly to all concerns
Interpersonal skills- Coordinate with HR,FLTOPS,Cabin crew,GS,SEC,ENGG team.
Experience
HDFC Bank
HR
Worked as a Recruitment Ofﬁcer in HDFC Bank Limited.
Sourcing suitable candidates from Naukri, Linked In.
Taking the ﬁrst round of telephonic interview and shortlisting the candiates.
Taking care of end to end hiring action of the candidate who gets selected which includes
scheduling an interview, sending soft offer to the candidate, post his acceptance collate all the
necessasry documents and create candidate's proﬁle in HCM portal, upload documents, verify
the documents, and lastly share the ﬁnal appointment letter.
Before the joining day of candidate, share the joining details.
Post the joining of the candidate, share the employee code generation steps to the respective
manager.
Post the employee code generation, share the details with the HR business partner to take it
forward.
23/01/2020 - 01/02/2022
Maintain daily tracker of the candidates.
Maintain the vacancy tracker, position master report, offer drops report,Karza report.
Avvashya CCI Logistics Private Limited (All Cargo)
Sr.Executive
Worked as a Sr.Executive Customer Service with client Tata Sia Airlines Private Limited.
(Vistara Airlines)
Handled inventory record of the entire network of Vistara all over India
Look after dispatches from Mumbai station
Answering phone calls and emails related to materials required, responding to customer
questions and complaints, handling walk-in staff
Providing required materials and information to the staff.
Assist with placement of orders, replacement or exchanges, alteration, etc.
Responsible for ensuring and delivering consistent service delivery at every customer.
Create Eway, Airway bill
Inward entries in SAP MM
Outward entries in SAP MM
Dealing with all walk-in staff and suppliers who will be visiting warehouse for uniforms
collections & other queries and assist them accordingly.
Coordination with all outstation destination spoc's, station managers for uniforms matters
(entire Vistara network)
Timely update to User for material receipt in warehouse (MTM or any new material )
Ensure that uniforms are stored at correct designated area with proper marking and labelling,
so that material are easily traced and located for picking
Ensure that correct inventory control is maintained, and physical inventory is done on fortnightly
and monthly basis to avoid any discrepancy in inventory.
Ensure proper documentation is maintained (receiving, dispatch, reverse shipment, Bin card
etc.)
Proper communication on phone & email for complete Vistara staff of all stations for ensuring
that their uniforms are dispatched/ issued on timely basis against request received.
All pending material for individual staff is timely monitored and to be issued as soon as
material is received.
Pre alert email of the uniform material dispatch done timely for intimation at destination.
Material receiving for all new uniform material intimated to all concerned, as soon material is
received in warehouse.
Various MIS reports like daily uniform report, resigned staff data report, replacement uniforms
data report, and old uniforms return data report etc. maintained as per client requirement.
Any issue related to unform material (Inward, outward ) checked and resolved timely.
Collected Feedback from staff & share with Purchase team.
Communicated with Vistara team (Procurement,GS,Inflight,Security, Flight Ops, Engg, HR,etc)
Look after inward and outward of dispatches.
Projects
Tata Sia Airlines Private Limited
Interests
Travel to explore new places
Dancing and singing
Photography
Participating in social activities
Languages
English
Hindi
Marathi
Personal Details
Date of Birth
: 11/06/1995
Marital Status : Single
Nationality
: Indian
Declaration
"I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my belief."
Certiﬁcations
Google Ads Search Certiﬁcation - April 2022
Digital Marketing in Certiﬁcation Program - May 2022 

Desrayspencer@gmail.com
MY EXPERTISE
WORK EXPERIENCE
I am a highly industrious and creative young person who is
pursuing a career within the 3D Computer Graphics industry. I
have a strong interest in 3D Animation, 3D Modelling, and Visual
Effects. I am a person who values knowledge and I am always
happy to learn new skills and further develop my existing skills. I
have strong communication, customer service, and team
working skills gained from my marketing and hospitality
experiences.
Cloth Simulation
Garment Modelling
3D Animation
3D Modelling 
Rendering 
Visual Effects 
Graphic Design 
Problem Solving
Communication  
Time Management 
SUPERVISOR 
STUDIO ASSISTANT
BARTENDER 
Ladywell Tavern  |
Inky CuttleFish  |
Various Companies  |
Part time 
Traineeship
Part time during studies 
2022 - 2023 
2016
2018 - 2022
Developed traditional printmaking
techniques and skills for lino printing,
screen printing, etching, and letterpress 
Assisted with managing social media
accounts and e-mail marketing using Mail
Chimp
Created posters for events happening at
the studio 
Participated in the 20:20 Print Exchange
Exhibition
Further developed my communication,
teamworking, customer service, and
bartending skills.
DESRAY 
SPENCER
GRADUATE 3D GENERALIST 
MARKETING ASSISTANT 
New Peak  |
Part time 
2016
Developed F2F skills, team working,
customer service, and communication skills 
Website: 
https://desrayspencer.wixsite.com/desray-designs
Illustrator - 8+ Years
Photoshop - 3+ Years
Premiere Pro - 3+ Years 
Adobe XD - 2 Years 
After Effects - 1 Year  
Animate - 1 Year 
InDesign - 1 Year 
Dreamweaver - 1 Year 
Maya - 3+ Years
Arnold - 3+ Years
3DS Max  - < 1 Year 
Marvelous 
Designer  - < 1 Year 
Unity - 2 Years
Houdini - < 1 Years
SOFTWARE
KNOWLEDGE 
MY WORK
Showreel: 
https://youtu.be/oYNCpvGWHsk
SUPERVISOR 
Ninth Life |
Part time 
BARTENDER
Catford Constitunal | Currently Employed
EDUCATION HISTORY
BSC H DIGITAL MEDIA DESIGN &
DEVELOPMENT 
University of Greenwich   |
First Class Honours 
2019 - 2022 
Focused on 3D Animation and Modelling including
advanced techniques. Other modules taken include;
game development, programming for web and
games, digital media design and campaign
marketing, cinematics and visual storytelling, sound
design, and motion graphics. My final year project
focused on rigging a non-biped character and
replicating wing motion using cloth simulation.
REFERENCES
HTML / CSS  - 2 Years
JavaScript / P5.js  - 2 Years 
C# - 2 Years 
PROGRAMMING
LANGUAGES 
Martyn Broadhead - University
Lecturer 
BTEC LEVEL 3 ART & DESIGN 
Southwark College  | MMP 
2017 - 2019 
OCR FUNCTIONAL SKILLS IN MATHS
Big Creative Education  | Pass 
2016
DIPLOMA IN GRAPHIC DESIGN 
Shaw Academy  | Merit 
2017 
5 GCSE GRADE B - C INCLUDING ENGLISH 
Trinity C of E Secondary School  
2012 - 2016 
DIPLOMA IN MOBILE APP DEVELOPMENT 
Shaw Academy  | Merit 
2017
CERTIFICATES
NOCN LEVEL 2 AWARD IN EMPLOYABILITY 
Big Creative Education
2016 
Desrayspencer@gmail.com
DESRAY 
SPENCER
GRADUATE 3D GENERALIST 
CONNECT
WITH ME ON  
LinkedIn: Desray Spencer 
HOBBIES 
Gaming 
Computer Graphics 
Record Collecting 

E M P L OY M E N T  H I STO RY
UI/UX Designer  | Feb 2021 - Jun 2021
Playense (Bangladesh I Remote)
Responsibilities
UI/UX Designer  | Apr 23 - 
GAOTek
(New York I Part Time I Remote)
Collaborate with the team to ensure the resources are enough to 
meet the client's requirement best
Create Wireframes and visual designs and make sure the client's 
requirement is properly aligned with ﬁnal outcome
Conduct A/B testing & effective communication with the client and 
Other teams to make sure a smooth development process
Responsibilities
Maintain cross-functional team communication and make sure to 
align with the project goal
Help to build development roadmap. Came up with visual solutions 
for existing products based on customer and market research.
Provided design leadership and expertise to help dissolve risks and 
possibilities from a UX perspective
Update and managed design system for entire design and dev Team
Planning, tracking, testing and reporting. Conduct user testing and 
incorporated user feedback into ﬁnal product design.
Responsibilities
Product Designer  | Aug 21 - Mar 22
(Philippine I Remote)
Mymall by Machine Ventures is an on-demand services platform that 
enables anyone to sell their services online, manage their workforce 
and create jobs currently in philippines.
Machine Ventures
BADIOUR RAHMAN
D E S I G NE R  ( U I / U X  I     P R O D UC T )
A passionate design enthusiast  with over 5 years of experience. solid understanding of UI/UX 
designing and principal. Working with high-tech, embedded and enterprise. Like to solve companies' 
problems through design. A UX & project management practitioner
P R O F I L E  &  P O R T F O L I O
> Dribbble (Shots)
> Linkedin (Proﬁle)
> Behance (Case studies)
C O N TAC T
+88 01718 609 208 
badiour96@gmail.com
Bangladesh
G E N E R A L  S K I L L S
S O F T  S K I L L S
HTML/CSS & JS
Graphic Design
Task Management
Project Management
UX strategy
A/B Tasting
User Interface Design
Surveying / Interviewing
Effective communication
Supervision
Design Direction
Team Lead
Team Building
Problem Solving
Agile/Scrum
TO O L S
Sketch
Google Tools + necessary
Basecamp
Planned and executed usability & A/B testing,  Collect user feedback 
and deploy in ﬁnal product design
Designed from scratch for iOS and Android apps with providing style 
guidelines and metrics for them
Work with various libraries and frameworks. Maintenance and 
improve design system
Developed wireframes, Interface mockups, and page prototypes 
Take charge of the consistency of visual experience across products 
and consider the context.
Figma
Adobe Creative Suite
Miro
Jira
Balsamiq
Visual studio code
Microsoft Office
Trilo
E D UC AT I O N
P E R S O N A L  I N F O
Language - English  (B2 - C1)
Gender - Male
Birth  - 10 Oct, 1996  
I N T E R E S T S
Bangladesh University
Computer Science & Engineering   
Completed - 2021
Bachelor of Science (BSc)   
Govt. Graphic Arts Institute   
Graphic Design Technology
Completed - 2016
Diploma in Engineering
Collaboratively established design standards and guidelines for the 
Bdjobs.com software and ensured that designs are in line with the 
brand guidelines and usability standards
Performing content and experience audits including the usability of 
new and existing products and making constructivesuggestions
for change
Responsibilities
Responsible for ﬁve distinct Apps UI & UX support which is live on 
different platform now (App store, Play store) and almost 2 million 
Downloaded
Working collaboratively with the product team and helped to create 
user-friendly interface for existing and new product
Product Designer  | Mar 2018 - Nov 2020
Bdjobs.com LTD (Bangladesh)
Behaviour Design
Business & Technology
Psychology
Sports & Outing
Personal Growth
Management
Virtual Reality
Web3, Crypto
Mentoring
U X & U I  C E R T I F I C AT E  F R O M
University of Michigan
University of California San Diego
California Institute Of The Arts
Google & IBM
Google
P M  &  AG I L E  C E R T I F I C AT E  F R O M
Visit linkedin to see all these certiﬁcates

 
 
Contact
jyotidabas91@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/jyoti-dabass-
ph-d-2b747083 (LinkedIn)
github.com/jyotidabass (Personal)
Top Skills
Machine Learning
Deep Learning
Fuzzy Logic
Languages
Hindi, English, Sanskrit, Punjabi
Certifications
Build an App in Android Studio using
Static Files
Building Smart Business Assistants
with IBM Watson
Improve Efficiency in Asana for
Project Managers
Python for Data Science and AI
Network Data Science with
NetworkX and Python
Honors-Awards
Machine Learning Specialization
https://www.coursera.org/account/
accomplishments/specialization/
certificate/2RJU4KVXCW63
IBM Data Science Professional
Certificate, https://www.coursera.org/
account/accomplishments/
specialization/certificate/
WGP85Q8B497Z
AI for Medicine Specialization
Introduction to Data Science
Specialization
Applied Data Science Specialization
Publications
Proposed SRAM Cell Using
Low Power Schmitt Trigger in
Subthreshold Region Which Adapts
Its Own Threshold
Jyoti Dabass, Ph.D
IIT Delhi|Sony Research|Data Science| Video,audio,speech, image
processing| Fuzzy| Deep Learning|Computer Vision|AI
Gurgaon, Haryana, India
Summary
Researcher, Engineer and Head of R&D team with interest in data
science, analytics, marketing, computer vision, deep learning,
fuzzy logic, machine learning, artificial intelligence, computer aided
diagnosis, and natural language processing.
Career Highlights
1. Multidisciplinary academic background with qualification, research
and teaching experience in computer, electrical and electronics
engineering.
2. Top 1% of class during all educational degrees.
3. Completed higher education via competitive selections in public
and private universities with educational fundings(scholarships) for
the phd degree and bachelor's degree.
4.Earned certifications from 500+ MOOCs on data science,
marketing, machine learning, deep
learning, image processing, and related courses. 
5. Worked with more than 100 learners in guiding/mentoring their
thesis and projects in collaboration with Liverpool John Moore's
University, UK and IIT Madras.
6. Collaborated and shared 800+ GitHub repositories.
7. Technical reviewer of 50 plus international journals and books.
Reviewed more than 190 international publications.
github profile: https://github.com/jyotidabass
Semantic Scholar:https://www.semanticscholar.org/author/Jyoti-
Dabass/83462281
Publons profile: https://publons.com/researcher/3973927/jyoti-
dabass/
Google Scholar profile:  https://scholar.google.com/citations?
user=a7HGcrkAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao
Medium profile: medium. com/@jyoti_98875
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Segmentation of Breast Density
Using K-Means  Clustering Algorithm
Applications of Type II Fuzzy Sets-
A Mathematical Review on Breast
Cancer Imaging Modalities
Applications of Advanced Fuzzy Set
in Medical Image Analysis: A Review
A hybrid U-Net model with attention
and advanced convolutional
learning modules for simultaneous
gland segmentation and cancer
grade prediction in colorectal
histopathological images
⁂ Feel free to reach out at jyotidabas91gmail.com for any assistance
with Natural Language Processing, Machine learning, Data Science,
Image Processing or Speech Processing, etc.
Experience
Buildnetic
Senior AI Scientist (Research and Development)
April 2023 - Present (4 months)
upGrad
Thesis Supervisor/Subject Matter Expert and Instructor
December 2021 - Present (1 year 8 months)
o Worked with more than 100 learners in guiding/mentoring their thesis and
projects in collaboration with Liverpool John Moore's University, UK and IIT
Madras.
SonyAI
Researcher
October 2022 - March 2023 (6 months)
o Worked on data (text, image, audio and speech signals, techniques
(supervised, unsupervised, reinforcement and meta-learning).
o Contribution from data collection to product launch.
o Contribution to patents, publications, collaborations and providing open
source research solutions
Bajaj Capital Ltd
Head- Image Processing
January 2022 - September 2022 (9 months)
Gurugram, Haryana, India
o Worked on image and text datasets to provide personalized diet
recommendation system.
o Worked on stages from data collection to deployment of project.
The NorthCap University
Research Scholar
January 2017 - December 2021 (5 years)
Gurgaon, India
o Supervisors: Prof. Madasu Hanmandlu (IIT Delhi), Prof. Rekha Vig (NCU,
Gurugram)
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
o Subject: Image Processing
o Remarks: Research work is focused on the analysis of breast cancer
imaging modalities to detect Cancer. The main objective of the thesis are
pre-processing (denoising, removal of background, pectoral muscles, labels
etc. and enhancement), segmentation (clustering), feature extraction and
classification using fuzzy, machine learning and deep learning techniques.
Education
Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi
Postdoctoral Research Associate, Image Text Video and Audio
processing · (June 2022 - April 2023)
The NorthCap University
Doctor of Philosophy - PhD, Image Processing · (January 2017 - December
2021)
J.C. Bose University of Science and Technology, YMCA
Master of Technology - MTech, Electrical, Electronics and Communications
Engineering · (2014 - 2016)
Maharshi Dayanand University
Bachelor of Technology - BTech, Electronics and communication engineering
 
Page 3 of 3

A B O U T
I am an experienced industrial engineer master and MBA seeking a full-time
position in the fields of project, management, quality, operations, data
science, engineering, governance and machine learning, where I can apply my
knowledge and skills for continuous improvement.
W O R K  E X P E R I E N C E
C O N T A C T
P: +57 3204062329
E: cristiancifuentes80@gmail.com
fb.me/CristianTiradoCifuentes
@Cristiantc02
www.linkedin.com/in/cristian-camilo- 
tirado-cifuentes-30952896/
S O C I A L
Databases 
Cloud services
Project management
Data Governance
Business Intelligence
Artificial Intelligence
Data science 
Machine learning
Programming 
Data Architect
P R O F E S S I O N A L
S K I L L S
Ethics
Empathy
Creative spirit
Reliable and professional
Organized
Time management
Team player
Fast learner
Motivated
P E R S O N A L   S K I L L S
CRISTIAN CAMILO
TIRADO CIFUENTES
I N D U S T R I A L  E N G I N E E R  M A S T E R -
M B A
PROFESSOR- FACULTY OF INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING-PART TIME
University of Research and Development | Feb 2020 - Jun 2020, Aug 2020-
Dec 2020
Teaching activities in the courses of industrial engineer: Quality Management, 
Quality Assurance, Project I and II, Operations Research II. 
Manage the process of collecting, storing, processing and analyzing data for the 
development of graduate theses
INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING COORDINATOR- PART TIME
Manuela Beltrán University | Feb 2020 - Dec 2020
Assume the Direction, Control and Execution of investigation, social projection, 
teachers, students, academic, pedagogical, marketing and quality standards in 
higher education 
INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING COORDINATOR R AND POSTGRADUATE
PROJECT MANAGEMENT- FULL TIME
Manuela Beltrán University | Jan 2021 - Aug 2021
Assume the Direction, Control and Execution of investigation, social projection, 
teachers, students, academic, pedagogical, marketing and quality standards in 
higher education
Manage the process of collecting, storing, processing and analyzing data for 
operational and quality management. 
Python
SQL
Flexsim
Tableau
Google Cloud Platform
Amazon Web Services
GIT
Microsoft Azure - Power BI
Apache Airflow
Spark-Hadoop
Kubernetes-Docker
Linux
P R O G R A M M I N G  
L A N G U A G E S
L A N G U A G E S
Spanish (native)
English (80%)
DATA ANALYTICS CONSULTANT- FULL TIME
Making Science| Nov 2021- Feb 2023
POSTGRADUATE PROFESSOR - MASTER'S IN BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE
ANALYTICS-TEMPORARY
Pontifical Xavierian University| Jul 2022- Currently
Consultant/evaluator of analytics projects using the CRISP-DM methodology.
POSTGRADUATE PROFESSOR - MASTER'S IN BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE
ANALYTICS-TEMPORARY
La Salle University| Aug 2022- Currently
Teaching the courses web analytics, machine learning and data analysis in python
POSTGRADUATE PROFESSOR - TEMPORARY
Aicad Business School| May 2023- Currently
Official Master's Degree in Artificial Intelligence (Lead Professor)
Official Master's Degree in Cybersecurity Management
Official Master's Degree in Usability UX Online Analytics and Graphic Design for
Web Projects
A W A R D S
SOCIOECONOMIC STRATUM SCOLARSHIP 1-2, Undergraduate modality,
Industrial Engineering. Pontificia Bolivarian University-Bucaramanga
Sectional
SANTANDER GOVERNMENT-RESEARCH MINISTER-SCOLARSHIP- Human
Capital Formation of High Level for the Department of Santander (No. 771) -
Mode National Master
CUM LAUDE- certification for Academic Excellence European Business
School Barcelona-MBA in Business Administration.
Scholarships for courses in Ergonomics Pontificia Universidad Javeriana-
Center for Occupational and Environmental Health, University of California-
Berkeley
Distinction of prominent graduate in the academic and research category of
the faculty of industrial engineering - Pontifical Bolivarian University- 2022
E D U C A T I O N
BACHELOR OF INDUSTRIAL ENGINEER
Pontificia Bolivarian University| 2011 - 2016
MASTER IN INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING
Pontificia Javeriana UniversityI 2018-2020
MASTER IN BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION AND MANAGEMENT
Barcelona European Business School and Isabel UniversityI 2017-2020
INTERN IN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS AND PROJECTS
ASOANDES | Jan 2015 - Nov 2015, Dec 2015 - Sep 2016
Assist in the investigation and compilation of the necessary information
(technical, operational, financial, legal, market, etc.) for the design of approved
projects, as well as in the preparation of the documentation to be used to support
the themselves
T E C H  C E R T I F I C A T I O N S
AWS Cloud Practicioner - Platzi
AWS Services - Platzi
Data Analyst in SQL - Datacamp
Data Analyst in Python - Datacamp
Machine Learning with Python - Platzi
Cloud Digital Leader -Platzi
Data Scientist with Python - Datacamp
 
Assume the Direction, Control and Execution of the Aerial Integrated 
Management Systems (HSEQ), Logistics-Distribution and Human Talent of 
Florida Automobile School
Manage the process of collecting, storing, processing and analyzing data for 
operational and quality management.
OPERATIONAL AND QUALITY COORDINATOR-PART TIME
 Florida School of Motoring| Sep 2016 - Dec 2017
OPERATIONAL AND QUALITY COORDINATOR-PART TIME
 DNA Drivers| Sep 2016 - Dec 2017
Assume the Direction, Control and Execution of the Aerial Integrated 
Management Systems (HSEQ), Logistics-Distribution and Human Talent of DNA 
Conductors.
Manage the process of collecting, storing, processing and analyzing data for 
operational and quality management.

Saumya Gupta
 9305244821
 
 saumyagupta170400@gmail.com
 https://www.linkedin.com/in/saumya-gupta-3b26491a5/
Technical and Personal skills
  Technical Skill: Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML, ReactJS, Redux Toolkit, NodeJS, MySQL, DSA,Cloud Deployment (e.g. vercel),
Ruby on Rails, JIRA, aws-Face-Recognition, aws-Speech-Recognition, aws-ChatBot, aws-Lambda.
  General Business Skills: Works well in a team, good at content writing, digital content creation, persistent problem-solver,
inquisitive nature to drive improvements, innovative thinking, initiative-driven, communication skills,copywriting abd copyediting,
reading books and have tried playing 3 to 4 different sports.
Experience
  Yubi
Chennai
Software Engineer Intern
Nov 2022-May 2023
Building APIs from scratch for clients. Performing different levels of testing of the APIs. Building a platform ”Blitz-Scale” to generate the
automated configuration files from excel sheet itself using Ruby on Rails. Getting hands-on in AWS, Postman, JIRA, Git, ROR
  Coding Blocks
WFH
Web Development Intern
May 2021-July 2021
Individually designed a Social Media Web Application for the company. Web UI framework used ReactJS, Backend was done using NodeJS,
ExpressJS, Storing and fetching the user's data and CRUD functionality was managed using MongoDB, GraphQL.
  DoEarn
Varanasi
Founder and CEO
Apr 2020-Dec 2021
Founded a web platform to help children earn their pocket money while studying by helping their peers in solving their doubts and enhancing
their problem-solving. Used Digital Marketing to advertise the company. Helped 50+ students.
Education
  BML Munjal University
Gurugram
BTech in Computer Science,
2019-2023
Projects
  Digital Bank:
- Built a Decentralised Web Application using Ethereum Blockchain. Implemented functionalities to Deposit, Withdraw, and take
Ethers as Loan. Language used for making smart contracts Solidity. Test Environment Ganache. Development Environment and Testing
framework Truffle.
  Music AnyTime:
- Built a Web Application using Reactjs, Redux Toolkit, Tailwind CSS, API Integration.A fully-fledged music player where you can
search,find lyrics, song exploration features, search popular music around you, worldwide top charts, and much more with better UI than
Spotify.
  Cryptoverse:
- Built a cryptocurrency web application, showcasing all the information about known cryptocurrencies. State Management using Redux
Toolkit, Web UI using Ant Design, creating charts using Chart.js, and fetching data from multiple sources using RapidAPI.Application
Software deployed on Vercel.
  Meme Generator:
- Built a web application that helps user to generate their own memes. Frontend using Reactjs.
Useful Courses
Operating systems, Database and Management Systems, Web Development, Understanding Business, Software Engineering, Remote
Sensing and Data Structures and Algorithms,Design and Analysis of Algorithms, Object Oriented Programming .
Highlights
Blitz-Scale - Lead and built an internal product (Software) of the company single-handedly which enables single-click integration and focuses
on reducing the developer efforts to zero by automating the entire configuration generation for each APIs. Technology hands-on Ruby-on-Rails,
Google Appscript, API development, Frontend integration, Postgres

Divyam Makhaik 
makhaikdivyam8@gmail.com 
7876068844 
SHIMLA, India 
leetcode.com/Divyam01/ 
linkedin.com/in/divyam-
makhaik-6bab95196 
github.com/divyammakhaik0
1 
SKILLS 
c 
c++ 
Javascript 
java 
python 
HTML/CSS 
Linux 
tailwindcss 
Nodejs 
Bootstrap 
Git 
MongoDB 
My SQL 
EJS 
React 
REST API 
puppeteer 
LANGUAGES 
English 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
Hindi 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
INTERESTS 
Playing Cricket 
Listening to music 
yoga 
EDUCATION 
Bachelors in Computer Science Engineering 
Chandigarh University 
08/2019 - 08/2023,  
Gharuan 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Backend Engineer 
Frytx 
02/2023 - Present,  
PERSONAL PROJECTS 
QUIZ 
Admin(Teacher ) can create test and unique test link will be generated 
Admin(Teacher ) can also view all the created test links 
Admin (Teacher) can also activate and deactivate the test link. 
User (Student) can give test and score along with a line graph (attempted vs correct)will be created . 
User (Student) will get next easy question if user will give an incorrect answer . 
User (Student) will get next hard question if user will give an correct answer . 
Tech Stack used : React , d3.js , TailwindCSS , Nodejs(Express js) , MongoDB 
Github : https://github.com/divyammakhaik01/Quiz123 
Link : https://quiz0123.onrender.com 
Share-IT 
User can upload document (ie jpg , jpeg , word , pdf , etc) and unique URL will be created . 
User can share the URL with friends via mail or manually by copying. 
Tech Stack used : Nodejs(Express js) , MongoDB , EJS , tailwindcss 
Tools : VS CODE IDE , PostMan 
Github : https://github.com/divyammakhaik01/Share-IT 
Link : https://share-it-y229.onrender.com 
URL_Shortner 
User can add long url and it will convert it into short url. 
Tech Stack used : Nodejs(Express.js), MongoDB, EJS , tailwind CSS 
Tools: VS Code IDE 
GitHub : https://github.com/divyammakhaik01/url_shortner 
Link : https://short-url-znf2.onrender.com 
General_store 
Implemented general store using OOP's concepts. 
admin can ( add_product , edit_product , delete_product) 
user can buy items from store . 
Tech Stack used : C++ 
Tools : Sublime Text 3. 
GitHub link : https://github.com/divyammakhaik01/General-Store 
CODING PROFILES 
Leetcode : https://leetcode.com/Divyam01/ 
GFG : https://auth.geeksforgeeks.org/user/divyammakhaik 
Github : https://github.com/divyammakhaik01 

Mohd Sakib 
Software Developer 
To Work in a challenging and dynamic environment and to keep adding value to the organisation and I
represent and serve while also concurrently upgrading my skills and knowledge 
mohdsakib9398@gmail.com 
9398980477 
New Delhi, Badarpur border,
India 
linkedin.com/in/mohd-sakib-
5295bb221 
github.com/MohdSakib535 
SKILLS 
PYTHON 
DJANGO 
MYSQL 
HTML/CSS 
BOOTSTRAP 
C 
POWERPOINT 
GITHUB 
JAVASCRIPT 
DJANGO REST API 
LANGUAGES 
ENGLISH 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
HINDI 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
INTERESTS 
DATA SCIENCE 
BACKEND
ARCHITECTURE 
TRAVELING 
EDUCATION 
B-Tech(JNTUH) 
Jawaharlal Nehru technical University Hyderabad 
09/2018 - 09/2021,  
6.5 CGPA 
INTERMEDIATE 
Vidya Mandir public School (sector -16 Faridabad) 
2015 - 2017,  
SSC 
Modern public School (sector 37 Faridabad) 
2014 - 2015,  
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Software Developer 
https://www.olaport.com/ 
PERSONAL PROJECTS 
MAJOR PROJECT-USING ARTIFICIAL NEURAL NETWORK TO IDENTIFY FAKE PROFILE) 
from that we can verify that proﬁle is fake or not 
Personal 1 -CRUD(create read update and delete operation) - using This project we can
insert data in database using form and update data and delete data from database. 
Deploy on heroku-https://arif0202.herokuapp.com 
Using Django to make a form 
Visual studio as an IDE 
CSS TEMPLATES 
template for basic 
personal 2-Blog Project(In this we have some authorization and authentication to
particular user that is signing and user make his blog project and several operation also
done for more go to Heroku link 
Deploy on Heroku -http://sakib9398.herokuapp.com 
Using python and Django, Bootstrap 
Visual studio as an IDE 
ACHIEVEMENTS 
Completed training on basic life support and ﬁrst aid skill 
won cricket match in school 
Winning chess game in school 
Selling HTML/CSS templates in 100rupees 

Rotana Alsharif 
Kingston Upon Thames 
Email: RotanaAlsharif11@outlook.com 
Tel: +447496968533 
 
Film Production Professional with demonstrated ability to coordinate and manage all stages of production. 
Knowledgeable in industry standards and regulations, with strong creative problem-solving skills. Excellent 
communication, interpersonal, and collaboration skills. Committed to producing high-quality content that 
meets business objectives. 
 
 
Career Summary 
 
2023 - Producer in a short film “Wishful Thinking”   
Responsibilities: 
v Pre-production (hired the writer and worked with multiple drafts on the script) 
v Pre-production (hired the director and helped with the casting process and rehearsal)   
v Pre-production (successfully organised and raised funds within our crowdfunding campaign) 
v Pre-production (social media management)   
v Production (manging all the crew and cast while fixing all the problems during shoot days)  
v Post- production (Making sure everyone is on the same vision for the final result)  
2022 - First Assistant Director in pilot web series “Opps Baby” - Royal Holloway university    
Responsibilities: 
v Pre-production (schedule, call sheet)  
v Production (making sure the cast and the crew are on time, working with the director to make sure everyone is rolling, 
starting the shoot from A-C (Action & Cut)  
2021 - Red Sea international film festival organizer - Majid Al Futtaim Vox cinema 
Responsibilities: 
v Providing excellent customers service (tickets concession, cinema inspections)  
v Worked in red sea film festival as an organiser and in the theatre operation. 
2021 - Trainee broadcasting director - Jeddah Radio station 
Responsibilities: 
v Curated and directed a mock program, which was assessed and complimented by a reputable director of Jeddah radio 
station (Sultan alroqui). 
 2021 - Voice Over Artist for the short film (Saydat Kol Al Modon) - King Abdulaziz University 
Responsibilities: 
v Creating a high-quality voice over recording which graded distinction level. 
 
2021 - Program Director for “Between the hall and the radio” - Jeddah radio station 
Responsibilities: 
§ 
Adobe Premier  
§ 
Movie Magic 
§ 
Audacity 
§ 
Office Suite 
§ 
Canva 
§ 
Time management 
§ 
Leadership 
§ 
Collaborative Working 
§ 
Bilingual (Arabic & English) 
§ 
Attention to detail 
§ 
Risk Assessment 
§ 
Script report 
§ 
Script analysis 
§ 
Problem solving 
 
Skills 
v Directed a radio program, whilst editing audio (Inc. Music). 
 
2021 - Script writer for an episode of The Banat Program - Al Majid Channel 
Notable Achievement: 
v My production was selected to air live on a the renowned Al Majid TV channel. 
Responsibilities: 
Written the script and the dialogue of Banat tv program  
 
2020 - Create Elephant in the room podcast - Apple Podcasts, YouTube & Soundcloud 
Responsibilities: 
v written and co-hosted the podcast which garnered over 5000 views. 
2019 - Member of the Programs and Activities Unit of the Photography and Production Club 
Responsibilities: 
v organised many events for university students with the photography and production club 
 
Education 
2022 - 2023 
MA producing Film and television - Royal Holloway University  
 
2017 - 2021  
Bachelor of Arts in mass communication (Radio &TV) Excellent-First Honor - king Abdulaziz University 
 
 
 
References are available upon request 
 
 

Neha
Shewale
Python Developer
PROFILE
A HIGHLY MOTIVATED PYTHON
DEVELOPER WITH 1.6 YEARS OF
EXPERIENCE DEVELOPING WEB
APPLICATIONS USING PYTHON,
DJANGO, AND FLASK
FRAMEWORKS. PROFICIENT IN SQL
DATABASES. AND WEB
SCRAPPING,DATA ANALYSIS.
STRONG PROBLEM-SOLVING AND
DEBUGGING SKILLS, AND
EXPERIENCE WITH AGILE
METHODOLOGIES. EXCELLENT
COMMUNICATION AND
TEAMWORK SKILLS.
CONTACT
PHONE:
+91-9767682810
EMAIL:
nehashewale3010@gmail.com
PLACE: PUNE
PROJECTS
Extract Data from Multiple URLs
(Web
Scrapping)

"I scraped diverse data,
including images, links, and
titles, from multiple paginated
URLs using Selenium WebDriver,
Beautiful Soup, and Pandas for
efficient and accurate
extraction."
EDUCATION
Department of Mathematics Pune University
Master of Science,Applied Mathematics Apr 2020
Pune university
Bachelor of Science Mathematics
HANDS ON SKILLS

Python, Django, Flask frameworks,REST API,Pandas,Numpy
Selenium WebDriver, Web scraping,SQLALchemy, OpenCv

SQL databases such as MySQL

Git and Git Lab version control systems
WORK EXPERIENCE 1.6 YEARS
Neutrino Tech Systems Pune - Python Developer
Apr 2022 - Present

I am performing data cleaning and analysis on unstructured
data in the NER medical field, using PDF s, images, OCR,
and Docano to improve model training."

I have completed the task of performing OCR analysis and
PDF analysis to optimize the costing and billing processes.

I contributed to the API integration in Flask.

I created a Tesseract OCR API as an alternative to Google
OCR, which can be expensive. This API can be used to
extract text from images and PDF s more affordably

I refactored the code to optimize for faster execution. By
streamlining the code and removing unnecessary steps, we
were able to significantly reduce processing times and
improve the overall efficiency of the application.

I highlighted the disease names that were extracted from
the PDFs. By using an algorithm to identify disease-related
terms, we were able to automatically highlight relevant
information and make it easier for researchers to quickly
scan through the documents.

"I scraped valuable data that can
be used by the data team for
future analysis and decision-
making."
Movies Collections Services(Django,
Flask,ORM,REST API)

Integrate with movies listing API

Implement APIs for movies
collection Applications

Implement a request counter
middleware
Blog Post Application(Django,
Flask,ORM,REST API)

Create three tables in Data Base
User,Post/Blog,Like

CRUD for all three tables

GET all post/blog API also return
the number of likes of
every post/blog
Omfys Technology Pune - Python Developer
Sep 2021 - Mar 2022

I worked on a project that involved web scraping using
Selenium WebDriver, Python, and Beautiful Soup. My
responsibilities included setting up the scraping process,
analyzing the data, and presenting the findings to the team.

My goal is to write code that is reusable, testable, and
efficient, which can improve the quality of our software and
reduce development time.

I contributed to a Django application by working with
Django ORM and MVT (Model-View-Template) architecture.
My responsibilities included designing database models,
creating views, and integrating templates to deliver a
robust, scalable web application.

I have experience with Python automation, including
scripting and process automation. By leveraging Python's
powerful libraries and frameworks, I have been able to
streamline tasks, increase efficiency, and reduce errors.

Role: Senior Software Engineer - Capgemini Technology Services India Limited  (Sep'22 - Present)
Description: Full-Stack Development Training in JAVA-SpringBoot & React Framework. 
Role: Summer Internship - BeatO (HealthARx technologies private Ltd) (Jan-July'22)
Skills: Flutter, Dart, Rest-API, Java, Kotlin, git
Description: Assigned to Develop & Design a cross-platform application using Flutter and re-design several sections of the
Application for Android Operating System.
Work Experience
Raj Gada
Senior Software Engineer
Programming Languages & Framework: 
Flutter, Java-SpringBoot & C++
Databases:
MYSQL, Oracle, and PostgreSQL
Web Technologies: 
HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React & BootStrap Framework
Tools:
 MYSQL Workbench, Visual Studio Code, NetBeans, GIT, Eclipse IDE, Postman, and Jupyter Notebook
Skill Sets
Hands-on Experience in front-end/Backend Application Development.
Sound knowledge in HTML5, CSS3, BootStrap, React & Spring Boot Frameworks.  
Able to work in Collaborative Environments with Strong Time Management skills.
Professional Summary
Email ID: rgada28@gmail.com
Cell no: +91-9930471797
Master's in Computer Application(M.C.A) - CPGA: 7.55                               (2019-2022)
Mumbai University 
Bachelor in Computer Application(B.C.A) - CGPA: 7.55                                (2016-2019)
Tilak Maharashtra Vidyapeeth, Pune university 
Education
Podcast Player
It is a cross-platform application used to listen to podcasts and download them to listen offline. iTunes API was used to
fetch the shows and episodes.
Skills Used: 
Frontend: - Flutter (Dart Language) 
Backend: - Hive (NoSQL Database)
Tools: Visual Studio Code, Postman, GIT
Projects

Name: PRAVEEN P PATTANSHETTY 
Contact No: 7022360396 
Email ID: ppprawin999@gmail.com 
CAREER OBJECTIVE  
To utilize my technical skills for achieving
I would like to implement my innovative ideas, skills and creativity for accomplishing the projects. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
1. CORE JAVA  
 Create classes and objects and add methods to a class.
 Good knowledge on Inheritance and Polymorphism.
  Knowledge on Type Casting and Encapsulation.
 Sound knowledge in Abstraction.
 Good in Collection Frameworks.
 Implement error handling techniques using Exception Handling.
 Learnt and implemented java Threads.
 Good in programming/coding in edit plus and Eclipse.
 Knowledge of java Bean and Singleton class.
2. SQL 
 Knowledge on SQL Programming in Oracle 10g.
 Written SQL queries for DML, DDL and TCL operations.
 Knowledge on DQL, DCL operations.
 Knowledge of SQL Sub
 Good in Normalization.
3.    JDBC & HIBERNATE 
 Knowledge on JDBC driver and its types
 Knowledge on JDBC connection steps
 Knowledge on API and its types
 Knowledge on Hibernate and its inbuilt methods
 Knowledge on hibernate connection steps
 Knowledge on OMR concept
 Good knowledge on Mapping
 Good knowledge on Java Persistence API
4. WEB-TECH 
 HTML 
 Used Tags 
 Good knowledge on Block Level Elements
 Good knowledge on List(Ordered list, Unordered list, Descriptive List)
 Used Forms
 Knowledge o
 CSS 
 Good knowledge on Simple
 Used Combinator
 Knowledge on Pseudo Elements
 Knowledge on Pseudo Classes
 Used Transform
 Used Transition Property
 Knowledge on Animations
Curriculum Vitae 
achieving the target and developing the best performance in the organization. 
I would like to implement my innovative ideas, skills and creativity for accomplishing the projects. 
Create classes and objects and add methods to a class. 
knowledge on Inheritance and Polymorphism. 
Knowledge on Type Casting and Encapsulation. 
Sound knowledge in Abstraction. 
Good in Collection Frameworks. 
Implement error handling techniques using Exception Handling. 
Learnt and implemented java Threads. 
in programming/coding in edit plus and Eclipse. 
Knowledge of java Bean and Singleton class. 
Knowledge on SQL Programming in Oracle 10g. 
Written SQL queries for DML, DDL and TCL operations. 
Knowledge on DQL, DCL operations. 
Knowledge of SQL Sub-queries Joins. 
Good in Normalization. 
Knowledge on JDBC driver and its types 
Knowledge on JDBC connection steps 
Knowledge on API and its types 
Knowledge on Hibernate and its inbuilt methods 
Knowledge on hibernate connection steps 
OMR concept  
Good knowledge on Mapping 
Good knowledge on Java Persistence API 
Good knowledge on Block Level Elements-Inline Level Elements 
Good knowledge on List(Ordered list, Unordered list, Descriptive List)
Used Forms 
Knowledge on Semantic and Non-Semantic tags 
Good knowledge on Simple-Selectors 
Used Combinator-selectors 
Knowledge on Pseudo Elements 
Knowledge on Pseudo Classes 
Used Transform 
Used Transition Property 
Knowledge on Animations 
the target and developing the best performance in the organization.       
I would like to implement my innovative ideas, skills and creativity for accomplishing the projects.  
Good knowledge on List(Ordered list, Unordered list, Descriptive List) 
 JAVASCRIPT 
 Sound on Hoisting 
 Knowledge on Output methods in JS 
 Knowledge on Type-Casting 
 Good Knowledge on Global Execution Context 
 Knowledge on Data-Types 
 Knowledge on Functions 
 Used Arrays 
 Knowledge on Object 
 Knowledge on Promises 
 Sound on Storage(Local Storage and Session Storage) 
 Knowledge on JSON and its methods 
 
5. SERVLET 
 Created  a dynamic responsive calculator using Servlet 
 Created a login and Signup page using Servlet 
PROJECTS  
        ACADEMIC PROJECT:  
Title: Rural water supply scheme for Sirasagi village, Afzalpur taluk.  
Description: Design of rural water supply scheme (Sirasagi)  
Achievements & Hobbies  
 During schooling, participated in various sports and Co-curricular Activities and won many medals.  
 Athletics, playing sports (Cricket, Chess,). 
 Cooking 
EDUCATION 
 Completed Degree in BE in Civil from Poojya  Doddappa  Appa College of 
Engineering(Kalaburagi) under VTU; (2018-2022)  
9.04 CGPA. 
 Completed PU from Chandrakant Patil Memorial PU College, Gulbarga.  
83.67% (2018). 
 Completed Schooling from CPEMS (Kalaburagi) affiliated CBSE Board , Delhi. 
                8.8-CGPA (2016). 
PERSONAL PROFILE  
Name                               : PRAVEEN P PATTANSHETTY 
Father's Name               : PRAKASH PATTANSHETTY 
Date of birth                  : 24.10.2000 
Gender                           : Male 
Nationality                     : Indian 
Languages Known        : Kannada, English, Hindi, and Telugu 
DECLARATION   
I hereby declare that the above information furnished is true to the best of my knowledge.  
Place        : Bangalore                                                                                               Signature: PRAVEEN P PATTANSHETTY 
 

Sadichchha Naiknavare
Java Backend  Developer
sadichchha15@gmail.com
7499701317
Pune , Maharatra
Sadichchha1998
in/sadichchha-naiknavare-214ab121a/
Portfolio
EDUCATION
Full Stack Web Development ( Full-Time)
Masai School Bengaluru, Karnataka
05/2022 - present | Bengaluru
M.Sc.(Physics)
Solapur University,Solapur
07/2019 - 09/2021 | Solapur, Maharashtra
B.Sc.(Physics)
K.B.P.Mahavidyalaya, Pandharpur
04/2016 - 05/2019 | Solapur, Maharashtra
SKILLS
TECHNICAL SKILLS
HTML | CSS | Data Structure | Algorithm | Java | JavaScript  | 
MySQL |  HIBERNATE  | Spring
SOFT SKILLS
Positive Attitude | Problem-Solving | Team-Work 
Remote Work | Online Collaboration
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Quality Inspector
Mindarika Pvt Ltd
07/2021 - 03/2022 | Pune, India
Subject Matter Expert
Chegg
08/2020 - present
PROFILE
An ambitious developer with strong command in Java,
JavaScript, HTML, SQL database, Web API, etc. Constant
learner and ability to adapt to new technologies and can
work in a challenging atmosphere. 12000+ hours of Practical
Coding.
AWARDS
2nd prize winner Kirloskar Vasundhara 
Green Collage Clean Collage competition 
(2020)
A to Z viral news Speech competition 1st 
price winner (2021)
Zoom Marathon Certificate
Basic of web Development Certificate 
Course
SQL Basic And SQL intermediate 
certificate
PROJECTS
PharmaEasy.com Clone
It was a website that give all the imformation 
about medicine.And also help to buy 
medicine.
GitHub link
Features:
Signup | Login | Profile |Cart| Product Section |Checkout & 
Payment |
Tech Stacks:
HTML | CSS | JavaScript.
Areas of responsibility:
Fixed Navbar
A responsive header, footer
A collaborative project Developed within 5 days, with a team 
of 5.
Kapsi - Online Cab Booking Application
GitHub link 
Kapsi is a Online Cab Booking Application using Advance 
Java and Spring Boot. It's a REST API for book a cab online 
for trip, schedule a trip, give ratings to driver and many 
more such operations.
Feature:
create Account | login Application | create a new trip, book a 
trip, schedule a trip, select driver for trip and give ratings to 
the driver. | Customer update account details ,view the list of 
all customer and can change the status of trip booking. | 
Driver can create a account and login.
Tech Stack:
MySql | Spring | SpringBoot | lombok | swagger | Spring-
mvc | advance-java.
Areas of responsibility:
Insert Customer | Get all Customer | Viwe Customer | 
Update | Customer | Delete Customer
A collaborative project Developed within 5 days, with a team 
of 5.

 
GADHAMSETTI SAI KIRAN 
Address: 
opp.sanitorium,korukonda road,rjy,east godavari. 
Mobile No.: 
Email: 
6309609226 
saikirangadhamsetti@gmail.com 
D.O.B: 
30/03/2001 
Branch/Stream: Information Technology 
 
Career Objective 
To achieve a responsible position and personal goals by exploring myself more 
efficiently in an industry with full determination and expand my knowledge by working hard and learning 
new technologies. 
 
Academic Details 
 
 
University/Board 
 
College/School 
Year of 
Passing 
Percentage 
(%) 
 
 
Andhra University 
 
Anil Neerukonda 
Institute of 
Technology and 
Sciences 
2021-2022 
82.3 
2020-2021 
81.4 
2019-2020 
79.6 
2018-2019 
78.9 
Board of Intermediate Education 
A.P. 
SASI junior college 
 
2016-2018 
 
96.3 
Board of Secondary Education A.P. 
BHASHYAM 
Talent School 
 
2015-2016 
 
95.0 
 
 
Computer Skills 
 
Programming Language: - 
C, Java and Python. 
 
Database: - 
MySQL. 
 
OS: - 
Windows and Linux. 
 
Web Technologies:- 
HTML,CSS,Django,React. 
 
DSA AND OOPS IN PYTHON AND C. 
 
MS WORD AND MS EXCEL 
Internships: 
 Successfully completed 2 months internship in “Cloud Computing” at “VERZEO in AZURE 
domain” from 12th jun 2021 to 15th aug 2021. 
In this internship we had gone through the entire resources of azure platform and performed 
tasks on vitual networks and subnets and also prepared the required test reports.
Seminar and Workshops: 
 Participated in “WORKSHOP ON HADOOP AND BIGDATA”conducted by the vortex pvt.Ltd. 
Project Details: 
 
Title: A Responsive Movie Website  
 
Description:Created some of the projects using Django and Django rest frameworks. 
Project-1:-Website for shortening the given url and keep it save and be retrieved whenever it is  
needed using Django and html,css,Sqlite. 
Project-2:-Website for a library to enter data of each book with description and retrieve data of each  
book and update it done using Django rest framework,MySql 
Project-3:-Created a website for saving and using a TO-DO List using Django and Html/CSS,MySql 
Project-4:-Created a website for school management system for both the staff and students to handle 
their operations using Django,HTML/CSS and MySql. 
Project-5:Created a dual intefface wed app for admin and users where admin can give different tasks 
to his users,This was done using Django and Django rest frame works along with HTML,CSS,Js 
Project-6:Created a python project for uploading excel sheets and created an interface using html and 
django for retrieving the data of excel sheets in table format using python numpy and pandas 
libraries. 
Title: Captivating Youtube Recommendation System 
Description: Enhancing the user experience in present youtube recommendation system by 
considering preferences and interests given by user at login time. 
Technology used: Python,Flask,VS buildtools , MySql. 
Responsibilities: 
To design and provide a good user interface which involves processing the videos so as to give the 
user the top 10 videos in his selected choice using collaborative filtering approach which was 
implemented using ANN algorithm.And worked on creating database for the same. 
Co-curricular Activities:- 
 Successfully completed the “C programming” test organized at Santhiram Engineering 
college,nandyal. 
 Successfully completed and Achieved a certificate from “HACKERRANK” in “PYTHON 
PROGRAMMING”. 
 Successfully completed and Achieved a certificate from “UDEMY” in “DJANGO”. 
 Successfully completed and Achieved a certificate from “COURSERA”in “DATABASE 
MANAGEMENT ESSENTIALS”. 
Hobbies and Interest:- 
 Dancing and Fitness. 
STRENGTHS:- 
 Creativity and Adaptibility 
 Quick learning to new things and independent learner 
 Critical Thinking and Problem Solving skills 
Declaration:- 
I hereby declare that the details and information given above are complete and true to the best of my 
knowledge. 
 
 
Date:27/05/2023 
(G.Sai Kiran) 

I N T E R E S T S
Keyboardist
Travelling
Art
Photography
S O F T W A R E  S K I L L S
F i g m a
A d o b e   P h o t o s h o p
A d o b e   I l l u s t r a t o r
A d o b e   P r e m i e r  P r o
A d o b e  I n d e s i g n
A d o b e  X D
E X P E R I E N C E
Jan - June 2022
Crimson Cobalt Digitals
Pune
Created webinar creatives & designed PPTs for webinars. 
Created Thumbnails for various Video clips, Banners & covers for 
social media pages, Special day creatives. Executed other duties 
as assigned & was awarded with an Internship completion 
certiﬁcate.
Nov - Feb 2023
Product Design inc. UX & UI
Experience Haus, London, United Kingdom
It was a 12 week certiﬁed course in which I worked independently 
on a startup client project. The course coved a variety of topics 
including product strategy, user experience design and user 
interface design including user research, design thinking, product 
management, experience mapping, ideation and prototyping.
E D U C A T I O N
2 0 2 2 - 2 0 2 3
2 0 1 9 - 2 0 2 2
2 0 1 8 - 2 0 1 9
2 0 1 6 - 2 0 1 7
CGPA | 8.81
B.Sc. Multimedia & Animation
CGPA | 7.0
Completed 12th Grade CBSE at Vidya Mandir Estancia 
(English, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry & Biology)
CGPA | 7.6
Completed 10th Grade CBSE at Vidya Mandir Estancia
Product Design inc. UX & UI
Vellore Institute of Technology
Higher Secondary 
Secondary
Experience Haus, London, United Kingdom
12 week part-time course; Project to work independently on a 
client provided by a local startup
E X P E R T I S E
U s e r  r e s e a r c h
W i r e f r a m i n g  &  P r o t o t y p i n g
U s e r  I n t e r f a c e  D e s i g n
P r e s e n t a t i o n  D e s i g n s
B r a n d  I d e n t i t y
I l l u s t r a t i o n
E N G L I S H
K O N K A N I
T A M I L
H I N D I
L A N G U A G E S
P R O F I L E
Design to me is something that strikes a chord in 
people's heart! As a little girl I was passionate 
about exploring colours and did a lot of mandala 
paintings in my slack time. This has taught me to 
use colours appropriately, develop attention to 
detail and mature in to a passionate design 
professional with a keenness to explore and learn.
Namitha NK
UI UX & GRAPHIC DESIGNER
+91 - 9791044573
nmtbalgi@gmail.com
https://namithank26.wixsite.com/myportfolio

Aditya Gupta 
Video Editor 
Targeting an opportunity to associate myself
with an organization that provides a challenging
job and an opportunity to prove innovative skills
and diligent work in Video Editing. 
aditya.9282@gmail.com 
8007961590 
Pune, India 
drive.google.com/drive/folders/1uA_j5e
v_PpnAH5qaenQZZi-6RNH0OU6d?
usp=share_link 
linkedin.com/in/aditya-gupta-805374112
EDUCATION 
BA: MASS COMMUNICATION
(Journalism) 
N.B.A Group of Institutions & Guru
Jambheshwar University of Science &
Technology 
07/2016 - 07/2019,  
NEW DELHI 
AUTOMOBILE DESIGNING 
DYPDC School of Design 
05/2012 - 05/2015,  
PUNE 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Video Editor 
ScaleX Media Pvt Ltd 
01/2023 - Present,  
REMOTE 
Working with Content Creator in the ﬁeld of Finance. 
Video Editor 
Zcyphher Films Pvt. Ltd. 
05/2022 - 11/2022,  
REMOTE 
Worked as freelance Video Editor 
Edited Online Course Videos for Mindler Immrse. 
Video Editor 
Freelance 
02/2019 - 01/2023,  
REMOTE 
Worked on many Freelance Projects. 
Video Editor 
TruCar India 
05/2020 - 09/2020,  
REMOTE 
Worked as Content Creator & Video Editor. 
Made Automobile related videos for their Channel. 
Content Creator 
SalahCAR 
06/2019 - Present,  
Creating Automotive content for my own Youtube Channel as a side
gig. 
SKILLS 
Adobe Premiere Pro 
Adobe Photoshop 
Final Cut Pro X 
Adobe After Eﬀects 
Video Editing 
CERTIFICATES 
ADOBE PREMIERE PRO CC 
ADMEC Multimedia Institute 
FINAL CUT PRO X 
UDEMY 
ADOBE AFTER EFFECTS 
ADMEC Multimedia Institute 
ADOBE PHOTOSHOP CC 
ADMEC Multimedia Institute 
VIDEO EDITING 
Media & Entertainment Skill Council of India 
DIGITAL MARKETING 
Internshala 
FUNDAMENTALS OF DIGITAL MARKETING 
IAB Europe,Digital Garage, The Open University 
AFFILITATE MARKETING 
Dmatic Digital 
BUSINESS COMMUNICATION 
Internshala 
LANGUAGES 
ENGLISH 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
HINDI 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 

Swankit Shree 
Graphic Designer, Animator and VFX Artist 
Email: swankitambastha@gmail.com 
Mobile: +917325044004 
Portfolio Link: 
https://www.behance.net/swankitshree 
Linkedin Link: 
  https://www.linkedin.com/in/swankit-shree-b95700218 
OBJECTIVE 
 
  Experienced Graphic Designer in Lecture Dekho andhaving skills and experiencetowardsa 
leadership role. 
  Experienced in managing social media which includes, Poster, Marketing Advertising and 2D 
Animation. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
 
 Currently working as a Motion Graphic Designer in Sakuja      
Media group . 
 Senior Graphic & Animation Designer - LD Care PVT.LTD 
(28 December to 30th April) - New Delhi 
  Adobe Photoshop 
  Adobe Illustrator 
  Audio Video Editing 
  Adobe Character Animation 
  I Clone 
  Silhouette 
  3d Equalizer 
  After Effects 
  Nuke 
 
  One Month Internship (Oct'15 to Nov'15) 
Sahara Samay News Network GFX Department 
 
  Worked in IIMT News (2019 to 2020) IIMT GROUP OF COLLEGE 
  Professional Photography in Lakme Academy 
  Cinematography in You tube Channels And Short Films 
 
KEY ACHIEVEMENT 
 
  
User Interface design For Company App Lecture Dekho 
  
Website Design for Company Website 
  
Video editing for meeting presentation 
  
2d Animation 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 
 
Educational Status 
Institution 
Percentage/CGPA 
 
Year 
 
BJMC (Journalism) 
 
IIMT, Greater Noida 
 
First Division 
 
2019 - 2022 
 
Class XII (State Board) 
 
Magadh University 
 
59.5 % 
 
2017 
 
Class X(CBSE) 
 
Sec Delhi Public School 
 
5.8 CGPA 
 
2015 
 
 
SKILLS 
 
 
  Microsoft Tools(Excel, Word, PowerPoint) 
  Leadership and Teamwork 
  Application , Website User Interface 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 
Father's Name: Suresh Kumar 
Address: New Delhi 
Date of Birth: 23/11/1999 
Marital status: Single 
Nationality: Indian 
Languages Known: Hindi, English 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
St. George's Bristol 
- Engaged in immersive music video production at St. George's Bristol, acquiring invaluable hands-on 
experience within a professional setting. 
- Identified the necessity to enhance the company's marketing content strategy, leading to my 
recruitment with a primary responsibility for curating concert-capturing content. 
- Effectively contributed to the company's marketing accomplishments by creating compelling 
content that authentically captured the essence and energy of live performances. 
 
EAR Media advertising  
Creative content direction trainee 
- Absorbed myself in the dynamic world of marketing and communications, gaining valuable 
experience in crafting compelling content. 
- Played a pivotal role in creating content that resonated with diverse audiences, contributing to the 
success of impactful campaigns. 
- Collaborated closely with a talented team to elevate brand messaging and drive engagement 
through strategic content creation. 
 
Watch It streaming service 
Runner & media content creation internship 
- Supported production activities as a Runner on set for Bela Daleel, gaining valuable hands-on 
experience in the industry. 
- Edited film pieces to create concise and impactful short teasers using Adobe software. 
 
KAI Collective  
- Crafted, reviewed, and edited engaging content for the swimwear company's Instagram page. 
- Utilized digital publishing platforms to create well-structured drafts that effectively captured the 
attention of our target audience. 
- Played a key role in enhancing the company's online presence and driving engagement through 
compelling and visually appealing content. 
 
July - Aug 
Cairo, 2019 
 
June - July 
Cairo, 2022 
 
March - May 
Bristol, 2023 
 
March - Nov  
Cairo, 2019 
 
ISMAIL GOHAR 
As a visionary fresh graduate of the University of Bristol, my passion for pushing creative boundaries 
and attention to detail set me apart. With a Bachelor of Arts in Film & TV, my diverse experiences 
across Egypt, the United Kingdom, and a German school have enriched my artistic perspective, allowing 
me to create immersive content beyond conventional boundaries. With fluency in three languages, I 
have refined my ability to build meaningful connections and excel in social interactions. Eager to make 
my mark in the dynamic film and media ecosystem, I bring a fresh approach, a passion for storytelling, 
and a dedication to leaving a lasting impression. 
+447903418212               
ismailgohar@gmail.com 
 
25 Ravensmede Way, London W4 1TD 
 
 
 
EXPERIENCE 
SUMMARY 
OnCampus London Foundation 
September 2018 - July 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
University of Bristol 
Bachelor of Arts in Film and Television 2023 
MODULES 
Film Director's Vision /Documentary Practices / 
Short Fiction Film / Film History / Television 
Industries / Experimental Film / Filmmaking 
Fundamentals 
 University of Westminster 
September 2019 - July 2020 
 
  
Contemporary Media 
Practice 
Humanities Foundation 
Program 
  
German School London  
September 2016- July 2018 
 
 
  Languages 
Arabic  
Native 
English 
Fluent 
German 
Fluent 
 
  
 
Photography 
Art Direction 
Visual Design and 
Graphics 
Social Media Management 
Cinematography 
Skillset 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Adobe Suite 
Microsoft Excel 
Collaborative Teamwork 
Critical Thinking 
Multilingual 
  
Creative Concept Development 
Translating ideas into captivating and innovative 
concepts 
Storytelling and Ideation 
Crafting compelling narratives 
Education  
 
Served as the First Assistant Camera for a Bristol-
based farming documentary, collaborating with the 
POC Bristol team at Cables & Cameras in 2021. 
 
Gained experience in the hospitality industry as a 
worker at Stein's Richmond in London in 2020 and 
Footasylum UK in London in 2022. 
 
Provided stage photography and press coverage 
for WEGZ, in London in 2022. 
 
Completed a marketing internship in 2017 at 
NOLA, Egypt's leading cupcake company in Cairo, 
involving coordination with companies such as 
Coca-Cola. 
 
 
FREELANCE FASHION PHOTOGRAPHY 
 
Richa EG (Egypt 2021) 
Moshpit (Egypt 2022) 
Public Offender (Egypt 2021) 
TWO GEEZ (UK 2023) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FREELANCE 
EXPERIENCE + 
CREATIVE PORTFOLIO  
 
 
  
 
 
 Ismailgohar.wixsite.com/portfolio 
 
LINKEDIN PROFILE 
 
  
 
Linkedin.com/in/ismail-gohar-b9ab74236/ 

Role: Social Media Intern and
copywriter.
Developed and implemented a
complete content strategy for
clients and prospects across all
digital and social media channels,
including Content Marketing, SEO,
Social Media Marketing, and
Copywriting.
Responsibilities included: Digital
Marketing, Social Media Marketing,
SEO, Content Strategy, Brand
Management, and Media Planning.
TECHGENYZ (INTERNSHIP)
(MAY 2022 -OCT 2022)
ASHWANI JAISWAL
DIGITAL MARKETER
SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETER
+91 9674795248
ashwani7059@gmail.com
PROFILE
A young and enthusiastic digital marketer
who loves staying on top of trends and
understand the growing relevance of
digital marketing for businesses today.
With my two years of experience in
digital marketing, I have gained credible
expertise in Social media marketing,
Digital Marketing, Copywriting, Snapchat
Ads and Google Ads.
EXPERIENCES
EDUCATION
2019 - Class X | St Ann's Day School
2021 - Class XII | St. Joseph Day School
2022 - Diploma in Digital Marketing | NIHT
2022 - Various Certificate Courses from
Semrush, Twitter, LinkedIn, Hubspot and
Google
SKILLS
SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING, DIGITAL
MARKETING, SEO, COPYWRITING,
EMAIL MARKETING, FACEBOOK ADS,  
GOOGLE ADS, SNAPCHAT ADS,
CONTENT STRATEGY.
3,Panchanantala road,
Howrah -711101
Role: Social Media Manager 
Function: Created content for
various forms, such as posts, videos,
reels, and blogs. Participated in the
planning and execution of content
strategies, as well as the creation of
content calendars. Conducted
keyword research and SEO audits
to assist businesses in increasing
their search engine results..
GRAPHE
(OCT 2022-PRESENT)
Role: Social Media Manager
Function: Worked with Mastani's a makeup
page on Instagram and helped them to
grow upto 5k followers in 2 months
organically and by running ads.
MASTANI'S(FREELANCING)
(MAR 2022 -APR 2022)
Connect on Social Media
linkedin.com/in/ashwani-jaiswal-/
instagram.com/ashwinjaiswal99/
LANGUAGE
English 
Hindi
Bengali
HOBBIES
Reading Books
Watching Films
Photo Editing
Role: Social Media Intern
Function: Did an internship with Unschool
where helped the company grow digitally by
creating content daily posting and
managing their social media pages for two
months.
UNSCHOOL (INTERNSHIP) 
(JAN 2022 -MAR 2022) 
Role: Social Media Manager 
Function: Worked with Anurag Makeup
mantra as a social media manager,
where I helped the brand to grow their
Instagram followers about 30k.
ANURAG MAKEUP MANTRA
(FREELANCING)
(DEC 2021 -APR 2022)

Contact
Education
+91 7021249672
Phone
hphadtare2023@gmail.com
Email
9 Riviera Hills, 2204,Parsik
Nagar,Kalwa (W) -400605
Address
Harshita Phadtare
C o n t e n t  W r i t e r
I am a highly motivated and detail-oriented professional with two months of experience in writing.
Proven ability to prioritize tasks, meet deadlines, and build strong relationships with clients and
team members. I am seeking a role that allows me to utilize my skills and continue learning and
growing in a dynamic and collaborative environment.
Experience
created study materials and content pertaining to technology for the purpose of
educating individuals on the latest advancements and trends in the industry. These
materials were designed to be accessible to learners of all levels, from beginners to
advanced professionals. 
Freelance Content Writer
Designed appealing and captivative Email templates for enlisting FYs in
council-sponsored programmes
SAHAS
Joint Event Head
Software and Tool
Passed 10th- 87.5%
Passed 12th- 72.3%
New Horizon Public School,AirolI 
MH High School,Thane
2007-2020
2020-2022
Research skills
Social media skills
SEO knowledge
Excellent writing skills
Attention to detail
Creativity
English
Hindi
Expertise
Language
Microsoft Office
Google Docs
Grammarly
Canva
Quillbot
Notion
Google Analytics
Google Search Console
Work
Drive link :
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1pACRkpzT91jZQCnoNUbsruNyZlyVmT2Y
?usp=share_link
Curated reports that tracked the operations and logistics of each event,
including budgeting and attendance, as well as feedback from alumni.
Alumni Cell
Operations and Logistics FY Representative

 
 
Contact
shiva.padakanti@hotmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/shiva-
padakanti (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Agile Methodologies
Product Development
Strategy
Languages
Telugu (Native or Bilingual)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Data Analysis
Shiva Padakanti
Building Campuzzz, a virtual platform to support Career
Development
London, England, United Kingdom
Summary
As a financial analyst with an entrepreneurial spirit, I have spent my
career combining my expertise in finance and strategy with a passion
for innovation and creativity. With a Master's degree in finance and
experience working for both large corporations and startups, I have
developed a versatile skillset that includes financial analysis, product
development, and strategic planning.
In addition to my professional work, I have started in my free time, a
virtual campus platform called Campuzzz that aims to transform the
way students learn and connect. With a dedication to excellence and
a commitment to continuous learning, I am always looking for new
opportunities to expand my horizons and take on new challenges.
If you're interested in connecting or discussing the latest trends in
finance and entrepreneurship, feel free to get in touch!
Experience
Campuzzz
Co-Founder and CEO
February 2023 - Present (6 months)
London, England, United Kingdom
NTT DATA Europe & Latam
1 year 2 months
Senior Associate | Finance Transformation & Enablement
July 2023 - Present (1 month)
London, England, United Kingdom
Financial Analyst | Finance Transformation & Enablement
June 2022 - July 2023 (1 year 2 months)
London, England, United Kingdom
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
Deltabase
2 years 9 months
Intelligence Analyst
October 2021 - June 2022 (9 months)
London, England, United Kingdom
  Conducted qualitative and quantitative research on data collected from
various public and private databases to enable the delivery of more than 42
PowerPoint reports on commercial, technological, and financial due diligence
  Created excel models and dashboards for commercial due diligence project
templates. 
  Trained and coached 5 interns and 4 new joiners in business processes, MS
Excel, and MS PowerPoint
  Realised 60% of time savings in data gathering by testing and implementing
AI-powered tools to automate the data extraction process
  Increased efficiency of a process to 90% by developing a sentiment analysis
model for employee and customer sentiment for commercial due diligence.
Research Analyst
October 2019 - October 2021 (2 years 1 month)
London, England, United Kingdom
University of Hertfordshire
Research Assistant
June 2019 - August 2019 (3 months)
  Supported publication of 1 research paper by collecting and analysing the
financial data of 17 London boroughs to calculate key financial ratios
  Saved 65% of data analysis time by creating Excel models to automate the
calculation of financial ratios
ADP
Process Associate, Corporate Finance
July 2017 - September 2018 (1 year 3 months)
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
  Negotiated the cheapest exchange rate available in the market with forex
vendors and lowered the fx cost by at least INR 1 million year on year
  Identified INR 500,000 in tax rebate by reconciling invoices from older Value
Added Tax rules to newer Goods and Service Taxes rules
  Achieved 70% of time savings in generating intercompany billing data by
optimising data capture in journal entries and introducing excel macros
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
  Interviewed 8 colleagues for a diversity and inclusivity series to understand
and recognise the contribution of each individual to the values of ADP and led
4 onsite team bonding sessions
Education
University of Hertfordshire
Msc Finance and Investment Banking with Advanced
Research  · (2018 - 2020)
Osmania University
Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com.), Business/Commerce,
General · (2014 - 2017)
 
Page 3 of 3

PROFILE
To be a part of and grow with a
professional organisation and
involve in new technologies,
learning and implementing stuffs
that offers challenging and
motivating work environment while
adding values to the organisation, at
the same time improving my
qualities as individual.
CONTACT ME
+91 8285635555
SAM5555SYED@GMAIL.COM
21/44 SBO COLONY
2ND STREET
CHENNAI-12
EXPERIENCE
MAYON AESTHETIC CENTRE
3 MONTH INTERNSHIP AS DIGITAL
MARKETING
EDUCATION
2015 - 2016 10TH
VELAMMAL MATRIC HR.SEC.SCHOOL
2017 - 2018 12TH
MAHARISHI VIDHYA MANDIR MATRIC
HR.SEC.SCHOOL
LANGUAGE
ENGLISH
TAMIL
SKILLS
SYED MUSTHAFA
SAMSUDEEN
DIGITAL MARKETER
DIGITAL MARKETING
SOCIAL  MEDIA MARKETING
GOOGLE ADS
SEO
CONTENT CREATION
DESIGNING
2018 - 2022 COLLEGE
PANIMALAR ENGINEERING COLLEGE
PERSONAL DETAILS
DOB : 03/09/2000             
NATIONALITY : INDIAN     
MARITAL STATUS : SINGLE
CERTIFICATION
GOOGLE ADS
DIGITAL MARKETING
AXENO CONSULTING
IEEE SOCIETY OF ROBOTICS AND AUTOMATION

 
MUSKAAN MOR 
 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
 
ACADEMIC BACKGROUND 
 
SKILLS 
 
EXPERIENCE 
 CONTACT 
 
EXPERTISE 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BACHELOR  DEGREE 
A wordsmith with about 4 years of experience in content 
creation, seeking the opportunity to help develop and 
execute cohesive and data-driven strategies contributing 
to the success of the organization. Coming with a track 
record of success in the creation and execution of content 
for diverse and complex audiences. 
Delhi University 
 
 
 
      
  
Amicable communication skills 
  
Analytical thinking, planning 
  
Storytelling 
  
Meticulous attention to details;  
strong organizational skills 
  
Secondary Research   
  
Ability to combine vision with  
strong creative and tactical planning 
 
 
Working as a Freelance Content Writer and Strategist as well as Social 
Media Manager in the marketing, technical and promotional domain 
since 2019 
 
▪ 
Worked with various organizations like Pepper Content, 
College Duniya, College Pond, InkEbee Writers, Branding 
Pioneers, Morris Marketing and Clients from Upwork, 
Freelancer.com and Social Media Handles  
▪ 
Responsible to develop, implement, track and optimize the 
digital marketing campaigns across all digital channels. 
▪ 
Contribute to social media engagement and brand awareness 
campaigns 
▪ 
Research new online media opportunities that may benefit 
the business including mobile, social media, development of 
blogs and forums 
▪ 
Handled and managed the Facebook Business Account 
▪ 
Formulated and created advertisements 
▪ 
Explored and Coordinated with various Influencers 
▪ 
Formatted and synchronized the promotional and follow up 
emails 
▪ 
Use Web Analytics Software to monitor the performance and 
make recommendations for improvement 
▪ 
Develop and integrate content marketing strategies 
▪ 
Keep up to date with current digital trends 
▪ 
Coordinated with the Graphics and Design team for the 
content development 
▪ 
Aided in boosting organic traffic  
 
  
Social Media Marketing Intern at Droom.in, responsible for content 
creation, managing social media accounts and boosting organic 
traffic. 
 
 
 
 
 Gurgaon, Haryana 
 +91-9910989622 
muskanmor2@gmail.com 
 
 
  
Creative content curation 
  
Copywriting 
  
Google analytics tools 
  
Fundamentals of Digital 
Marketing through Google 
  
Social Media Marketing 
Certification from HubSpot 
  
Client Servicing  
  
Email Marketing 
  
Influencer Marketing 
  
Canva 
  
WordPress 
  
SEO based content 
  
Boosting organic traffic 
 
 
 
 

I am an experienced digital
marketing head seeking a full-
time position in the field of
social media and marketing
communications, where I can
apply my knowledge and skills
for continuous improvement.
P R O F I L E
E X P E R I E N C E
+918130809388
divyanksrivastava5@gmail.com
LD-106/C OLD RDSO COLONY
ALAMBAGH LUCKNOW (226011)
CONTACT
Google Analytics
Social media strategy
Marketing
Web content development
Project management
Layout design
Market research
Content Creation
Google ads
S K I L L S
EVENT COORDINATOR 
SMILING CIRCLE | JUL 2018 - DEC 2018
HANDLING ALL SORTS OF EVENTS FROM PLANNING TO
EXECUTION.
TRAVELING EVENTS, WEBINARS, PRESS CONFERENCES
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE
NAMO GANGE TRUST |  JAN 2019 - MARCH 2020
MANAGING EVENTS ON A LARGE SCALE 
FESTS, GOVERNMENT EVENTS AND HEALTH AND FITNESS
RELATED EVENTS
DIVYANK
SRIVASTAVA
D I G I T A L  M A R K E T I N G 
DIGITAL MARKETING 
FREELANCER | JAN 2021- JUN 2021
DEVELOPED A SOCIAL MEDIA STRATEGY TO INCREASE THE
FOLLOWING OF THE COMPANY WEBSITE.
HANDLING ALL SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS
CONTENT CREATION 
WORDPRESS WEBSITE OPTIMIZATION 
WORDPRESS WEBSITES LAYOUTING
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
GOOGLE ADS, FACBOOK ADS.
DIGITAL MARKETING HEAD
PICKARA| JUL 2021- JAN 2022
DEVELOPED A SOCIAL MEDIA STRATEGY TO INCREASE THE
FOLLOWING OF THE COMPANY WEBSITE.
SOCIAL MEDIA OPTIMIZATION
CONTENT CREATION 
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
GOOGLE ADS, FACEBOOK ADS.
SOCIAL MEDIA SPECIALIST
WELLSUN MEDICITY HOSPITAL | MAY 2022- PRESENT
HANDLING ALL SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS, CONTENT
CREATION (CANVA)
SMO, SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING, GOOGLE ANALYTICS,
FACEBOOK ADS, GOOGLE ADS, LINKEDIN ADS, WEBSITE
OPTIMISATION, GOOGLE ANALYTICS, FACEBOOK PIXEL,
GOOGLE MY BUSINESS.
I N T E R E S T S
S k e t c h i n g
T r a v e l i n g
 P h o t o g r a p h y
D E C L A R A T I O N
D I V Y A N K  S R I V A S T A V A  d o  h e r e b y  d e c l a r e  t h a t  t h e  a b o v e - m e n t i o n e d  in f o r m a ti o n  is  tr u e  to  t he  b e st  o f m y
K n o w l e d g e  a n d  b e l i e f
D I V Y A N K  S R I V A S T A V A
D A T E - 
P L A C E -  L U C K N O W
A W A R D S
PICKARA
EMPLOYEE OF THE MONTH
DEC 2021
BACHELOR OF ARTS,JOURNALISM AND COMMUNICATION
ASIAN ACADMEY OF FILM AND TELEVISIONS (NOIDA) |
 2015 - 2018
ST JOSEPH PUBLIC SCHOOL
 LUCKNOW, UTTAR PRADESH CLASS 12TH 
(2014-2015)
E D U C A T I O N
LUCKNOW PUBLIC SCHOOL
 LUCKNOW, UTTAR PRADESH. CLASS 10TH
 (2011-2012)

Contact
Education
+91-9016515154
Phone
paptanrajat@gmail.com
Email
Rajat Paptan
G r a p h i c  D e s i g n e r
Creative Graphic Designer with talent for developing unique custom artwork. Detail-
oriented, organized and meticulous individual who follows innovative approach to ideas
and concept development. Works at fast pace to meet tight deadlines. Enthusiastic
team player ready to contribute to company success.
Work Experience
Met with customers to present mockups and collect information 
Developed creative design for brochures, and banners
Completed final touches for projects such as images sizes and font
selection
Worked with design systems to develop and present prototypes for focus
group evaluation
       for adjustments
Provided services in 3D modeling, environment lighting, workflow design,
and graphic design to multiple clients
Clientele includes construction groups, agri-fertilizer companies, event
management firms, advertising agencies, automobile dealers, restaurants-
cafes, game zones, and colleges
Conducted client meetings and gathered business requirements on daily
basis 
Managed a team of 3 members and 15+ freelancers
Worked at a startup where I handled all of their digital design
requirements and digital marketing campaigns
Designed and handled all print media content
Designed banners, flyers and managed social media marketing for more
than 21 tie-up partners
Guided a team of four people, mentored junior designers, and provided
design guidance to improve the overall team output
Graphic Designer - Freelancer
Co-Founder
Graphic Designer 
2021 - 2022
2018 - 2020
2016 - 2018
Plexus Studio - Providing Designing Solutions
MAD (Mad About Discounts)
Maya Academy of Advanced
Cinematics
AD3D EDGE
Mar'14 - Jun'16
Adobe Photoshop
Adobe Premiere Pro
Canva
Wireframes
User Flows
Process Flows
Graphic Designing
Work Flow Design
Video Editing
Sound Editing
English
Hindi
Gujarati
Skills & Expertise
Language
Responsible for the daily design activities of the commercial project
Developed environment modeling for a game in Autodesk 3Ds max
Created indoor lighting for a commercial complex
Designed graphic content for digital marketing
Graphic Designer Intern
2015 - 2016
Maya Academy of Advanced Cinematics
https://www.behance.net/gall
ery/167051005/Portfolio
Portfolio Link

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Naveen 
Kandagatla 
Hyderabad, Telangana, India. 
 
+91 9989262918 
 
Naveen0905@gmail.com 
 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/naveenkandagatla/ 
 
 
As a seasoned Senior Software Engineering Manager, I bring a unique combination of discipline, 
optimism, and passion to my leadership role. With over 16 years of experience, I am committed to 
delivering exceptional software products and building trust within engineering teams. My goal is to 
inspire and guide my team to success while continuously improving our systems and processes. 
Technical Skills 
  
Proficient in C#, Asp.net, R, Python, Java, JavaScript, and Node.js 
  
Software Design: Experienced in scalable and distributed software product design 
  
Databases: Knowledgeable in SQL, DocumentDB, KeyValue datastores, and Azure Data Explorer 
  
Distributed Systems: Skilled in implementing Microservices, Service Fabric, Rest API, and API 
design 
  
Full-stack Development: Full-stack end-to-end development experience 
  
Machine Learning: Familiar with machine learning implementations and worked with data 
scientists to scale models 
  
Live Site Management: Experience in live site management, Continuous Integration and 
Continuous Deployment (CICD), Azure DevOps, and Left Shift Engineering process 
  
Diagnostics: Proficient in monitoring, diagnostics, and troubleshooting 
  
Experienced in using Redis, Elastic Search, and Bloom Filter 
  
Architecture: Hands-on experience with architecture patterns and design patterns 
Leadership Skills 
  
Stakeholder Management: Adept at managing stakeholders and mentoring teams to achieve 
shared goals. 
  
Model, Coach & Care Philosophy: Strongly committed to the philosophy of leading by example, 
coaching, and caring for team members. 
  
Cross-functional & Cross-geo Teams: Experienced in leading and working effectively with 
diverse, cross-functional, and cross-geographic teams. 
  
Partner & Stakeholder Relationships: Skilled in building strong relationships with partners, 
stakeholders, and customers to develop a clear product roadmap. 
  
Customer-focused: Strong focus on putting the customer first, delivering value, and 
continuously improving the customer experience. 
  
Talent & Vendor Management: Experienced in recruiting top talent, managing vendors, and 
building a high-performing team. 
  
Team Building: Successful track record of building teams from scratch and setting a clear vision 
and roadmap for their success. 
 
 
 
 
 
2 
Education 
  
DEC 2015: Completed Certificate in Engineering Excellence, Big Data Analytics & Optimization 
from Internal School of Engineering in Hyderabad. 
  
JUNE 2002 to MAY 2006: Earned B.E in Electronics & Communication from Osmania University in 
Hyderabad. 
Experience 
APRIL 2022 - PRESENT 
Senior Engineering Manager/ Fabric, Remote 
 
Platform components for B2C scenario 
Role: Senior Engineer Manager & leading a team of 9 (in Growth Stage). 
  
Platform Development: Led the development of a horizontal platform team to address key 
product requirements such as authentication and authorization, data publishing platform 
(syndication), and workflow automation (BPMN). 
  
Partner & Customer Engagement: Drove discussions with partners, delivery teams, system 
implementers, and customers to gather requirements and deliver solutions. 
  
Product Roadmap: Created a roadmap with phased approaches, including MLP, P0, and P1 
items, and defined clear KPIs to measure success. 
  
Architectural Changes: Driven design and architectural changes to meet clearly defined goals 
and improve the overall platform. 
  
Live Site Management: Managed the live site of applications and ensured continuous 
improvement through engineering and performance optimizations. 
  
Team Leadership: Coached teams, fostered transparency, and was responsible for team growth 
and development. 
  
Resource Management: Managed resources and capacity planning to ensure the delivery of 
high-quality products and services. 
  
Vendor Negotiations: Participated in negotiations with 3rd-party software vendors and pricing 
to align with the company's long-term vision. 
 
MAY 2012 - APRIL 2022 
Senior Software Engineering Manager/ Microsoft, Hyderabad 
 
Office 365 Security Product (Microsoft Defender for Office) 
Role: Senior Software Engineer Manager & leading a team of 10. 
  
Defender for Office: Contributed to the Office 365 Security Product (Microsoft Defender for 
Office) by processing logs, improving user experiences, generating alerts, and building data 
pipelines for researchers. 
  
Data Processing: Handled terabytes of data daily, ensuring the scalability, reliability, and 
observability of the system. 
  
Microservices & API Design: Designed and implemented microservices, APIs, and defined SLOs 
and KPIs to improve system performance. 
 
 
 
 
3 
  
Global Collaboration: Worked with teams across multiple geographies (U.S., Israel, China, India) 
to achieve common goals. 
  
Product Roadmap: Collaborated with stakeholders and product owners to create a roadmap for 
the future of the application. 
  
Live Site Management: Managed the live site of the application and ensured continuous 
improvement through engineering and performance optimizations. 
  
Team Leadership: Coached teams, fostered transparency, and was responsible for team growth 
and development. 
  
Architectural Changes: Led the design and execution of architectural changes in the system to 
improve performance and scalability. 
Unified Telemetry Platform CSEO DevOps, Learning & Readiness 
As a Senior Software Engineer,  
  
was part of a common telemetry platform used by hundreds of applications generating 250TB of 
data monthly.  
  
Participated in architectural discussions and worked with multiple teams to standardize schema 
and measure the health of all applications uniformly. Implemented autocorrelation of telemetry 
events with SDKs in various languages. 
As a Software Engineering II,  
  
defined and executed consistency measures for the team's engineering hygiene across the 
organization.  
  
Extended the SonarQube AAD plugin for enterprise needs and created data pipelines for builds, 
releases, and pull request details.  
  
Explored and implemented machine learning opportunities in the learning domain such as 
recommendations and clustering and enhanced the application architecture to integrate with 
machine learning models.  
  
Participated in integration with SuccessFactors, Pluralsight, LinkedIn Learning, and Orielly. 
JULY 2010 - APRIL 2012 
Senior Software Engineer/Thomson Reuters, Hyderabad 
  
Played Major Role in Design, Development & Testing phase of implementing Point-in-time 
import functionality. 
  
Played Major Role in Architecture of the import functionality in Point-in-time. 
  
Worked on enhancing performance of some of the existing features. 
  
Interacting with the Business team to gather the new requirements for every release. 
 
NOVEMBER 2006 - JUNE 2010 
Associates - Projects/Cognizant Technology Solutions, Hyderabad 
  
Experienced complete SDLC  
  
Worked with client on business requirements.  
  
Involved in implementing the Replication for a specific project requirement. 
  
Played vital role in Architecture design and implementation of Video Analytics module. 
  
Was part of Deployment of the application. 
  
Participated in internal & CMM Level audits. 

Yugant Singh
www.yugantsingh.co
 706-087-5234  yugantsings@gmail.com  linkedin.com/in/yugantsingh  github.com/yugantsingh
Education
Vellore Institute of Technology
Jul. 2019 - Ongoing
Electronics and Communication Engineering - 8.64/10
Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh
St. Paul's Church College
May 2018
Senior Secondary - 81/100
Agra, Uttar Pradesh
Technical Skills
Languages: JavaScipt, Python, Java, SQL
Developer Tools: VS Code, Google Colab, Jupyter Notebook
Technologies/Frameworks: React.js, Next.js, Tensorflow, Bash, Linux, Github
Projects
Clear Vision | Github
Apr. 2023
ClearVision is a project that uses advanced machine learning techniques, implemented with TensorFlow and
Google Colab, to improve the visibility of images taken in extreme weather conditions such as rain, fog, and
underwater. The project also utilizes React for its front-end interface
  Stack: Python, TensorFlow, Raspberry Pi, Google Colab, React
  Led a team of 3 members in the development of the ClearVision project as part of your final year project.
  Trained machine learning models using TensorFlow and Google Colab to improve the visibility of images taken in
extreme weather conditions, which works 40% more efficient than researched AOD networks.
  Contributed to the front-end development of the project.
Job Hunt | Github Live
Mar. 2023
The application allows users to search for jobs, view popular and nearby job listings, and filter results by job type
and provides a convenient and user-friendly way for job seekers to find and apply for jobs.
  Stack: React Native, Rapid API, Expo, Metro
  Single-handedly developed the Job Hunt mobile application, utilizing skills in React Native and the Rapid API.
  Published the application on Expo, making it available for users to download and use in their job search.
NPM Package - @yugant-hooks | Github Live
Oct. 2022
A collection of custom React Hooks that can be used to manage state in your React Applications.
  Stack: React, JavaScript, NPM
  Successfully developed yugant-hooks, a custom hooks library for React that includes a collection of hooks for
managing state in React applications, such as use-title, use-click, and use-network.
  Published the package on the NPM public repository, making it available for other developers to use in their own
react projects.
Leafy Lane | Github Live
Sep. 2022
A fully functional Plant based E-commerce website, with add to cart and checkout functionality powered by Stripe
payments.
  Stack: Next.js, Sanity.io, Stripe, Vercel
  Developed a fully functional e-commerce website using Next.js, Sanity.io, and Stripe Payments.
  Implemented features such as dynamic product addition through Sanity, real-time updates, and a Stripe
Payments checkout with multiple shipping rate options.
  Utilized the Next.js routing system to create an intuitive and user-friendly shopping experience for customers.
Health Plus | Github Live
Apr. 2022
A complete health app that connects hospitals, doctors, and patients and helps you to keep track of your health
and fitness.
  Stack: Next.js, React, Tailwind, MongoDB, Vercel
  Spearheaded a cross-functional team of 8 members to successfully develop and launch Health+, an innovative
app that facilitates effortless communication and collaboration between hospitals, doctors, and patients.
  Constructed the frontend utilizing cutting-edge technologies such as React, Next.js, and Tailwind CSS, and
seamlessly integrated it with backend services.
  Demonstrated the app to the reviewers and received positive feedback and recognition for its functionality and
usability.
Home Defender | Github
Jan. 2022
HomeDefender is a project that utilizes cutting-edge technology to process video feeds from a camera module
and accurately classify objects in real-time, all while transmitting the feed seamlessly over WiFi.
  Stack: OpenCV, Tensorflow, Google Colab, Arduino and ESP32 camera.
  Created a low-cost system that can easily detect and classify objects, providing users with an affordable and
effective home security solution, even cheaper than current market offerings.
  Implemented seamless transmission of the video feed over WiFi, providing users with real-time updates on
detected objects.
  Demonstrated the app to the reviewers and received positive feedback and recognition for its functionality and
usability.
Certifications
IT Automation With Python Professional Certificate, Google | Coursera
Sep. 2022
  Professional Six-course certificate, developed by Google.
  Managing IT resources at scale for physical machines and virtual machines in the cloud
  Automating tasks by writing Python scripts to speed up workflow by 80%
  Using Git and GitHub for version control.
TensorFlow Developer Professional Certificate, DeepLearning.AI | Coursera
Jul. 2022
  Professional Four-course certificate, developed by DeepLearning.AI.
  Best practices for TensorFlow, a popular open-source machine learning framework.
  Handling real-world image data and exploring strategies to prevent overfitting, including augmentation and
dropout to increase efficiency of models by 30%
  Building natural language processing systems using TensorFlow.
Full-Stack With React Specialization, Hong Kong University | Coursera
Nov. 2020
  Four-course specialization certificate by Hong Kong University of Science and Technology
  Designing a full-fledged Web client application using Bootstrap 4 and React.
  Designing a hybrid mobile application using React Native.
  Developing server-side support for the web application using Node.js, ExpressJS together with database support
using MongoDB.
Achievements
Leetcode
Leetcode
  Mastered over 400 challenging questions on Leetcode and enhanced my problem-solving skills.
GFG Club
2020 - 2021
Video Editing Head
  Held a pivotal role as the Video Editing Head and a key member of the Web Development Team for the GFG club.
  Expertly crafted UI/UX mockups and prototypes for the club's projects utilizing industry-leading tools such as
Figma and Adobe XD
  Mentored and delivered engaging seminars and workshops on web development and video editing for club
members and fellow students.
Global Hack Week
Sept. 2022
Major League Hacking
  Successfully participated in and completed the prestigious Global Hack Week organized by MLH, demonstrating
my technical skills and collaborative abilities.
  Won the award for the best front-end website for community.

Manjot Singh
manjotsingh844.ms@gmail.com | manjotsingh.netlify.app | github.com/manjot-singh-d
EDUCATION
Degree/Certificate
Year
Institute
CGPA/%
B.Tech: Computer Science and Engineering (AI)
2019-2023
Netaji Subhas University of Technology, Delhi
7.89/10
AISSCE (Class XII)
2018
Sukho Khalsa Senior Secondary School, Delhi
85%
AISSE (Class X)
2016
Dayanand Adarsh Vidyalaya, Delhi
9.6/10
EXPERIENCE
  Software Engineer Intern
Filterpixel
Feb'22 - July'22
- Worked on the AI culling software, that is designed for photographers to help cull their images automatically.
- Fixed various bugs that were encountered by the users & worked on the Frontend and Backend part of the software.
- Developed Plugin using LUA and python based backend server for culling in Lightroom Platform.
- Technology - Angular, Electron, LUA, Python, Web Development
  Subject Matter Expert(Computer Science)
Chegg Inc.
Apr'21 - Jan'22
- Solved 350+ questions with detailed explanation on various Computer Science concepts that includes Data Structures,
Object Orientation Programming ,Operating Systems, Database Management Systems etc.
- Clarified follow-up queries of students via comments and forum discussions.
  Frontend Development Intern
Evren Global Solution Pvt. Ltd.
Jan'21 - Feb'21
- Handled FrontEnd part, worked on their landing page and additionally making it suitable to view from mobile devices.
- Technology - ReactJS, Redux
PROJECTS
  Blockchain based Identity Management System(using Fingerprints)
- A Platform where users can authenticate themselves using their fingerprints.
- Extracted features from fingerprint like termination and bifurcation points.
- Smart contracts for registering and authenticating in solidity with truffle
- Web3 py library and flask based backend used to connect different phases.
- Role - Handled Blockchain based smart contracts and its integration with flask server.
- Tech Stack and Tools - Python, Flask, web3 py, Solidity, sqlite, truffle, ganache
  Vaccinometer (Full Stack Webapp) | GitHub Link
- Drug & medicines authentication and tracking application through Blockchain technology.
- Progressive Web App using React Hooks and Firebase along with Flask server and SQLite DB.
- Implemented track of Medicines/Vaccines using QR Code scanning.
- Role - Handled Backend Development using Flask and database by SQL.
- Tech Stack and tools - Flask, SQlite, web3 py, ReactJs , Firebase, Solidity, truffle, ganache
  EazyPay (Full Stack Webapp) | GitHub Link
- Payment Gateway platform based on Blockchain technology.
- Progressive Web App using ReactJs and Firebase along with Flask server and SQLite DB.
- Role - Handled Frontend Development from Scratch with ReactJs and integrated login using Firebase.
- Tech Stack and tools - Flask, SQlite, web3 py, ReactJs , Firebase, Solidity, truffle, ganache
TECHNICAL SKILLS
  Programming Languages: Python, C++, SQL, JAVA, Solidity, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, LUA
  Web Development:
Flask, NodeJS, ReactJS, ExpressJS, SQL, MongoDB
  Machine Learning:
Tensorflow, OpenCV, Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib
PUBLICATIONS
  Ensemble Image Explainable AI (XAI) Algorithm for Face Morphing Attack Detection (Deep Learning): Aim to
be published by Pattern Recognition Journal.
ACHIEVEMENTS
  April 2021: Finished in Top 10 teams in MLH Season of 2021, HackVerse 2.0-NITK out of 2800+ participants organized by
NIT Surathkal.
  April 2019: JEE Mains - Secured all india percentile of 98.62
  Solved 650+ Problems based on Data Structures and Algorithms on Leetcode.

Umang Gupta
 +65 93790540 |  umanggupta1103@gmail.com |  linkedin.com/in/umangguptacs |  github.com/Usgupta
Education
Singapore University of Technology and Design
Singapore
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and Design, Minor in Artificial Intelligence
Sept. 2020 - May 2024
GPA 4.46/5.0, SUTD Honors List
Relevant courses: Data Structures and Algorithms, Operating Systems, Concurrency, Database, Networks,
Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, AISG Foundations in AI
Certfication: (Pursuing) Google Machine Learning Engineer
Work Experience
Software Engineer Intern | Kotlin, Java, Git, RxJava, Dagger, Android Studio
Jan 2023 - May 2023
Grab
Singapore
  Reduced Grab Driver Android app debugging time by 45% with a custom TCP socket message logger.
  Boosted Grab Driver activity by 25% through complete Android app development of a targeted incentivization
feature.
Projects
Deepfake Audio Detection | Python, PyTorch, SciPy, Signal Processing
Apr 2023 - Present
  Leading a team of 8 to research and implement multiple audio deepfake detectors
  Working with Professors from SUTD and mentor from Singapore HTX
 LectureGenie | Python, Open AI, Da-vinci, Git
Apr 2023 - Apr 2023
  Created an AI Telegram bot to convert youtube links and lecture videos to question and answers
  Uploaded the question answers to notion and shared custom link
  Created the telegram bot in 15 hours for AISG Penta Hack, secured top 10 position among over 30 teams
 Rewards4U | Python, AWS SageMaker, LambdaMART, Git
Jan 2023 - Jan 2023
  Created a data-driven payment service recommendation engine with AWS SageMaker and LTR algorithm
  Optimized payment service ranking with LambdaMART to prevent errors and improve relevance
  Developed an ML-powered API for seamless payment service comparison and maximum rewards.
 Dygnostic | Ruby on Rails, JS, HTML, Python, GCP, Postgresql, React, Cucumber, Rspec May 2022 - Aug 2022
  Led a team of 6 to develop a web app to automate TSH Group's machine inspection to attain 30% time reduction
  Utilised Cloud Vision to automatically analyze quality of label on the machine components
  Recognized as the best architecture for implementing REST APIs and microservices
  Followed BDD and TDD, succeeded as the best tested software in 15 projects by conducting unit and e2e testing
 VoiceBus | Swift, IOS, Machine Learning, Git
Dec 2021 - May 2022
  Led a team of 4 under direct mentorship of Apple's Systems Engineer to develop a full-stack iOS voice enabled bus
information app for the visually impaired
  Applied machine learning to create text-to-speech and speech recognition engines for the app
  Succeeded as the only app to receive positive user feedback, and to publish the app on App store
  Winner of Swift Inclusive App Development Hackathon 2022
 HawkerGO! | Java, Android, Google Firebase, Junit, Git
Feb 2022 - Apr 2022
  Led a team of 6 to develop a full stack Android application, to view and review hawker stalls and hawker centres in
Singapore supporting local stores not available on Google Maps
  Ranked 4th among over 200 students for innovation and architecture of the app
 FDM5K | Alchitry, Lucid, FPGA, Git
Feb 2022 - Apr 2022
  Led a team of 8 to develop a hardware game inspired by Bishi-Bashi arcade game
  Won 5th place among over 200 students for hardware quality, effectiveness of datapath, complexity of game
Awards & Accomplishments
The Jyoti and Aditya Mathur Environmental Award
SUTD
Received for organising first sustainability themed design thinking hackathon of SUTD with 200 applicants
Mar 2022
The Design and AI in the Data Driven World Challenge
SUTD X DBS
Won 500 SGD in pitching an AI powered credit card recommendation engine in Paylah App
Sept 2021

       
                                                                   
 
 
                
               
   
 
NAME  
:     MD SAIF ALI 
Contact no 
:     7033395704 
 
 
Email  
:     mdsaifali@gmail.com, MD.77292@mygyanvihar.com 
Address 
:     Khan Bahadur Road Jehanabad Bihar-804408 
Social Profiles :     Github LinkedIn 
 
Key Skills 
  
Python 
  
AI/ML 
  
Advance Android 
  
C++ 
  
SQL / MySql 
  
Unity3D 
 
 
Career Objective 
  To secure a challenging position in a reputable organization to expand my learnings, knowledge, and skills.   
Secure a responsible career opportunity to fully utilize my training and skills, while making a significant 
contribution to the success of the company 
     
Qualification 
Year 
Course 
Institute/College 
University/Board 
Marks % 
2016 
10th 
Manas Vidyalaya 
CBSE 
82% 
2018 
12th 
S.S College  
BSEB 
72% 
2019-23 
B. Tech CSE 
Suresh Gyan Vihar University 
Private 
82%(Agg) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Training/Projects 
Start Month 
& Year 
Duration 
Project Description 
Company/Institution Name, 
Location 
11/02/2022 
120 days 
During those time I created too many 
projects like Hand Written Character 
Recognition Using MNIST Dataset 
,Customer support Chat-Bot and many more 
Personal Projects 
10/06/2022 
60 days 
Women Safety App :- This app ensures 
women are not put into such situations 
through various features offered by our 
system. 
Personal Projects 
 
 
 
Achievements & Recognition 
  
Completion certificate of Google clouds by Qwiklabs. 
  
Got Certified from Coursera on Python Programming crash course 
SURESH GYAN VIHAR UNIVERSITY 
JAIPUR, RAJASTHAN 
(NAAC accredited ‘A' grade University) 
 
  
Got certified from Coursera on Python for Every body 
  
Done a virtual Internship on KPMG on Data Analytics Consulting 
  
Done a virtual Internship on JPMorgan Chase & co on Software Engineering. 
   Extra - Curricular Activities 
 
 Certificate of Appreciation volunteering in Blood Donation Camp in college campus. 
 Participation Certificate in Aayam for the Painting without Brush. 
Technical Skills 
 
  
Python  , C++ , Adv-Android , Html , CSS, Js, Unity 3D, Data visualization , Data Modelling  , SDLC 
Interests/Hobbies 
 
  Travel, Photography and Sports 
Personal Information 
 
 
Father's Name 
: 
SYED MAZHAR ALI  
 
Mother's Name 
: 
SHAKILA PERWEEN 
 
Gender 
 
: 
MALE  
 
Date of Birth  
: 
14/08/2000 
 
 
Nationality 
 
: 
INDIAN 
 
 
 
 
Date:  05/10/2022 
                                                                                                                                         MD SAIF ALI 
Place: JAIPUR                                               
 
 
 
 
                Signature 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 2 
 Raj Gupta 
 I intend to be part of the organization where I can constantly 
 learn and develop my technical and management skills while 
 making a signiﬁcant contribution to the success of the company. 
 Dhaki Pathankot, Pin: 145001 
 Ph :-  9877045009 
 Email :-  rajgupta282002@gmail.com 
 Linkedin: -  Raj Gupta 
 Github : -  RAJGUPTA28 
 EXPERIENCE 
   
 Data Science Intern 
 Remote 
 PinPencil LLP 
 05/2023 - 
 - 
 Worked on various NLP projects 
 - 
 Worked on Developing Chatbots for their website 
 - 
 Analyzed  customer data and feedback and build 
 various predictive models 
 EDUCATION 
 Dr B R Ambedkar National Institute — B.Tech 
 of Technology 
 B. Tech - Information Technology            CGPA  8.10 
 2020- 
 Kendriya Vidyalaya  ,  AFS Halwara , PB 
 Class - 12th  2019-2020 
 95.6% 
 Kendriya Vidyalaya  ,  AFS Naliya, GUJ 
 Class -10th 
 2017-2018 
 92.4% 
 PROJECTS  ( visit ) 
 Intercept AI  (Link) 
 NATURAL LANGUAGE  PROCESSING 
   
 INTERCEPT AI, a B2B model acting as a layer between 
 user interface and backend. That can ﬁlter all kinds of 
 Inappropriate and Toxic Contents and warns the user 
 regarding the act. 
   
 Features like Speciﬁc Word Restriction using  GPT3 
 Embeddings  , Multilingual indian Abuse Detection  using 
 MURIL BERT  ,violent and Adult Image Detection using 
 CNN  , Toxic english Hate Speech Detection trained  using 
 BIdirectional LSTMs 
 CLothing Similarity Search  ( Link) 
 NLP / MACHINE  LEARNING 
   
 Implemented  Semantic Search  ,Used  Pinecone Vector 
 Databases 
   
 Goal was to Input text describing a clothing item and 
 returning a  ranked list of links to similar items  from 
 dierent website 
   
 Extracted Product  Descriptions , Preprocessed them , 
 and used their  embeddings to store in the 
 Database.Deployed the Model on  Google  Cloud. 
 Records Manager  (Link) 
 PYTHON  MYSQL 
   
 Created and  Connected  Student records  (MYSQL) 
 Database  with Python 
   
 Performed  CRUD  operations (Create Read Update Delete) 
 SKILLS 
   
 C++ , PYTHON , MYSQL 
   
 HTML , CSS , JAVASCRIPT 
   
 MACHINE LEARNING 
 ACHIEVEMENTS 
   
 Among  HACKMOL 4.0 
 Hackathon  Winners 
   
 650+ Leetcode  Problems 
   
 NoteBook Expert  at  Kaggle 
   
 Among  RECKON 4.0 
 Hackathon Top Teams 
   
 District level Rank  -  1 
 (Vidhyarti vigyaan manthan  ) 
 by NCERT ) 
 CERTIFICATES 
   
 IBM ML  Professional 
 -  IBM 
   
 Machine learning 
 -  Simplilearn 
   
 HTML, CSS, and Javascript for 
 Web Developers 
 - COURSERA 
 LANGUAGES 
 ENGLISH , HINDI 
 INTERESTS 
   
 Event Management 
   
 Participating in Hackathons 
   
 Editing / logo design 
   
 Volleyball 
 IMPORTANT LINKS 
   
 KAGGLE -  Raj Gupta 
   
 GITHUB -  RAJGUPTA28 
   
 LEETCODE  -  RAJGUPTA28 
   
 LINKEDIN  - RAJ GUPTA 


Jennifer Wong 
Mobile: +44 (0)7783 808456 
Email: jenniferwong138@hotmail.co.uk  
A creative and curious individual who is able to work in a dynamic environment. I pride myself on my ability 
to adapt quickly, problem-solve and organise. With great communication, I am capable of working as part of a 
team, as well as individually.  
Key skills 
  Team player - experience in managing and cooperating in various team settings; operating as a group of 8-10 
in catering, leading university group projects, and being a dedicated competitive dance team member. 
  Customer service - experience in customer-facing roles, requiring to be fast working and highly effective in 
communicating with fellow colleagues and customers. Demonstrating excellent capability in working with 
different people and situations. 
  Written and spoken communication - achieving First Class in academic essays and reports, which involve 
confidently presenting academic findings to students and lecturers. Ensuring to be clear and coherent. 
Actively communicating with work colleagues from a range of backgrounds and alternating between various 
languages.  
  Problem-solving - the ability to provide immediate solutions to overcome problems with logical reasoning 
and attention to detail in university group projects and customer service roles.  
Education 
2019 - 2023                    University East Anglia, Norwich 
                                        BA Business Management with a Year Abroad  
                                      - Projected First Class 
                                      - Coursework: Principles of Marketing, Digital Marketing and The Service              
                                        Economy, Shopper Marketing, Strategic Brand Management, International Business 
                             
2021-2022                      Hankuk University of Foreign Studies, South Korea (Study abroad) 
                                       - Achieved 4.0 GPA 
                                       - Coursework: Korean Media Industry, Understanding Korean Chaebol Enterprises 
                                       - Presentations: Marketing Management, New Product & Innovation Strategy,                        
                                         Principles of Business Management 
2017 - 2019 
             Copleston Sixth Form, Ipswich 
 
 
 
- A-levels: English Language (B), Business (B) and Psychology (B) 
2013 - 2017 
 
Copleston High School, Ipswich 
 
 
 
- GCSEs: two A* (English Language and Literature), four As, two Bs, three Cs 
Computing  
Microsoft Office: Word, Excel & PowerPoint - Intermediate 
Languages 
English (Native), Cantonese Chinese (Conversational speaker), Korean (Basic) 
Relevant Experience 
September - January 2023                                     Management Consulting Project - University East Anglia 
-
Marketing strategy; analysed a CRM company's presence on Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn and 
Facebook.
-
Competitor benchmarking; - curated a table to identify key rivals such as market leader, Salesforce, 
and their competitive advantages. 
-
Creative design;  created an improved mock-up website for the client, including important features 
such as a live chat box, free trial and price listing (drive website trafﬁc and increase sales conversion).
September 2021- June 2022                                                                                   Study Abroad - South Korea  
-
Local collaboration; presented a marketing plan for a Korean company as a group. Learned to listen 
and communicate with both Korean and International students, understanding cultural differences and 
being open to contrasting opinions, overcoming disagreements. 
-
Research and analysis skills; prepared a paper which analysed the external environment of the aviation 
industry and presented this to fellow class members and the professor.  
-
Global marketing; observed Korean marketing campaigns e.g. celebrity endorsements appealing to 
young teens/adults for industries such as beauty, fast food, mobile phone providers, etc. 
-
Organisation; meticulously prepared for my year abroad by sorting multiple documents, budgeting and 
time managing. Demonstrated initiative and determination throughout the process despite COVID-19.  
-
Language exchange; contributed to a GAT ('Give and Take') program. Rewarded with a Level 2 
certificate for completing an Introductory Korean Course. 
December 2017 - 2020           Chinese Food Takeaway, Ipswich - Front House Customer Service Assistant  
-
Customer engagement; direct responsibility in taking face-to-face/telephone orders, and assisted 
customers with specific attention to customer preferences and dietary requirements, whilst providing 
appropriate alternatives based on this.  
-
Conflict resolution; the ability to offer quick yet effective solutions when customers were not satisfied.     
-
Interpersonal skills; relayed queries, recommendations or complaints from customers to kitchen staff 
using Cantonese and English.  
-
Efficiency; worked diligently in a fast-paced environment as a team of 8+ people.  
Volunteering 
2017 - 2019                                     Anglo-Chinese Cultural Exchange, Ipswich - Performing Artist  & staff 
-
Professionalism; annually performed/choreographed various acts for my local Chinese Community 
New Year showcases with 100+ attendees including important guests (Ipswich Mayor and MP).  
-
Event assistant and management; volunteered at Multicultural festivals and celebrations, helping in 
maintaining merchandise stalls. Also assisted backstage and organised rehearsals.  
November 2021                                                                               Instagram Takeover Project - South Korea     
-
Content creator; edited my own images taken during my study abroad to create engaging Instagram 
Stories/Highlights on my University's Instagram page.  
-
Engagement; set up a Q&A session where I answered students' questions regarding my year abroad 
experience and provided relevant advice/opinion. Responded to queries through DMs and email.  
Hobbies & Interests 
I am a new UGC creator on Tiktok with 700+ followers and love creating content for a variety of niches 
including skincare, fashion, travel and lifestyle. I take a keen interest in food culture and aspire to open a cafe 
in the future. I am also a Hip Hop Competition Team member for UEA Dance Society and have performed in 
front of celebrities/influencers.  
References and creative portfolio available upon request 


Arijit Deb
arijit2492@gmail.com
7002188173
Silchar, Assam, India
1992 Nov 24
Indian
Unmarried
Male
https://www.linkedin.com/in/arijit-
deb-6556341a4
Education
Pursuing Master's in Sociology
KKHSOU
Silchar, India
Graduation in Arts
Assam University
Dl. Ed
NIOS
H.S
A.H.S.E.C
H.S.L.C
S.E.B.A
Skills
Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint
Microsoft Word
Adobe Photoshop
Adobe Audition
Adobe Premiere Pro
Final Cut Pro
Professional Experience
District Coordinator
HDFC ERGO
2023 Mar - present | Silchar, India
Supervising the smooth functioning 
of various agriculture-related 
government schemes and ensuring 
that the benefits reach the desired 
candidates.
English educator and Recruiter
New Oxford School
2018 - 2019 | Silchar, India
Impart knowledge of the English 
language and also act as a deciding 
member of the recruitment board of 
the school 
Languages
English
Hindi
Bengali
Awards
Winner, short film making 
competition
Commfest 2k16, Assam University
2016
Winner
World's Largest Film Movement, Yes! I Am 
The Change
2015
2nd prize
Mock Parliament, Adharchand HS School.
Courses
Diploma in Computer Applications
Digital marketing training course
Unschool
Workshops
Participated in a three-day festival 
“Anuvad Translation Festival”
2016 Jan - 2016 Jan
Participated in third theatre 
‘Chorus Theatre group'

                        RESUME 
STRENGTH: 
ENTHUSIASM 
TRUSTWORTHINESS 
CREATIVITY 
DISCIPLINE 
PATIENCE 
RESPECTFULLNESS 
DETERMINATION 
DEDICATION 
NAME: M L NARSHIMHA RAO 
DATE OF BIRTH: 26/05/1989 
ADDRESS: L/G-6 UNIT-1 
                   MITRA ‘A' TYPE 
                   MKT(EAST) 
                   KHARAGPUR 
                    PINCODE: 721304 
                    WEST BENGAL 
EMAIL: mlnrao27@gmail.com  
PHONE: 9635296749 
QUALIFICATION : 
10th(ICSE): 
SACRED HEART HIGH SCHOOL 
KHARAGPUR 
WEST BENGAL 
YEAR OF PASSING : 2005 
PERCENTAGE: 56.5 
INTERMEDIATE: 
GAYATRI JUNIOR COLLEGE 
SRIKAKULUM 
ANDHRA PRADESH 
YEAR OF PASSING: 2007 
PERCENTAGE: 81.7 
BTECH(COMPUTER SCIENCE ENGINEERING): 
BLACK DIAMOND COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY 
JHARSUGUDA 
ODISHA 
YEAR OF PASSING : 2012 
CGPA :7.48 
MTECH (COMPUTER SCIENCE ENGINEERING): 
NORTH ORISSA UNIVERSITY 
BARIPADA 
ODISHA 
YEAR OF PASSING : 2019  
CGPA : 8.24  
 

Java(core,Advance) 
SQL(Oracle&MySQL) 
HTML & CSS 
JavaScript 
Python 
Data Science 
Cloud Computing 
 
 
 
 
paavansaikumar@gmail.com 
 
9121504423 
 
Nellore, India 
 
https://www.linkedin.co
m/in/vidavaluru-paavan-
sai-kumar-7b9996210/ 
 
github.com/Paavan2000 
 
SKILLS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EDUCATION 
 
 
GRADUATION 
NBKR Institute of Science and Technology, Vidyanagar 
06/2018 - 07/2022, 
71% 
 
INTERMEDIATE EDUCATION 
Narayana Junior College, Nellore 
06/2016 - 06/2018, 
91% 
 
SECONDARY EDUCATION 
Ravindra Bharathi Em High School, Nellore 
06/2015 - 06/2016, 
85% 
 
 
 
INTERNSHIP 
 
 
Title/Position 
Full Stack Java Developer intern 
11/2022 - Present, 
Bangalore 
Kodnest Technology Private Limited 
Achievements/Tasks 
Learned new technologies , which improved my skills as a Full Stack Developer 
Worked with a team of developers to design and develop user interfaces for web applications 
using HTML, and CSS. 
 
LANGUAGES 
 
 
English 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
 
Hindi 
Limited Working Proﬁciency 
 
Telugu 
Native or Bilingual Proﬁciency 
 
 
 
INTERESTS 
 
 
 
 
 
CERTIFICATES 
 
 
Java Full Stack Developer 
kodnest Technology private limited 
 
IT-ITes Sector Skills council NASSCOM (10/2022) 
Certiﬁed as Python developer 
 
 
 
PERSONAL PROJECTS 
 
 
FirstFlight Travels Web Application (02/2023 - 03/2023) 
Technology used- HTML & CSS, JavaScript for front-end 
Developed a web application that has the forms regarding the Registration for booking plans and 
Locations to travel, Packages 
Develop good responsive website, with the integration of diﬀerent workﬂows for diﬀerent approval 
stages in websites 
 
A STAND-ALONE APPLICATION OF IMPLEMENTING LINEAR DATA STRUCTURES 
(12/2022 - 02/2023) 
Technology used - JAVA. 
Concepts Used - Swings, OOPs, Arrays, classes, Methods. 
Tools Used - Eclipse IDE. 
Plugin Used - Window Builder (To create JFrames). 
The main agenda of the project is to showcase the operation and working of diﬀerent linear data 
structures. 
PAAVAN SAI KUMAR VIDAVALURU 
FULL STACK JAVA DEVELOPER 
 
Dynamic & Optimistic employee able to apply Front-End & Back-End Development skills in various 
Domains. Seeking to join in organization as Full Stack Developer to help ensure design & 
development of software, troubleshooter and optimized. 

Clarisa Díaz Bernasconi
Greater Valencia Metropolitan Area
clarisadb@gmail.com
657594212
linkedin.com/in/clarisadiazbernasconi
Summary
Proactive, creative and with great capacity for work. I have been developing in the audiovisual field for more than
15 years and I am always looking to grow and find new challenges in this beautiful profession. I am an active
person as a chief and I love working with large teams, I like to create a good environment where workers feel
comfortable and achieve the required objectives.
Experience
Editor / Chief Executive Officer
Gou videomarketing
Jan 2014 - Present (9 years 1 month)
Post Production Editor
Gou videomarketing
Jan 2008 - Present (15 years 1 month)
Postproduction - Campaigns, Backstages, Storytelling, Youtube, Instagram and Facebook Ads
Video Editor in Chief
Buenos Aires City Government
Jan 2009 - Jan 2020 (11 years 1 month)
Management of a group of editors and post-producers who made institutional videos and published
them in the media.
Editor - Post Production Coordinator
Linead Camd S.A.
Jan 2008 - 2020 (12 years)
Post-production coordination in television campaigns (Government organizations and companies)
Tasks performed: Editing (Adobe Premiere and Final Cut) and post production coordination.
Preparation and monitoring of budgets
Post Production Coordinator
Documental "Aventureros, soñadores, locos" for INCAA Instituto de Cine y Artes
Audiovisuales
Jan 2011 - Dec 2011 (1 year)
From the pre-production of the 8 chapters of the documentary to post-production, I coordinated the work
teams at all stages, meeting the delivery deadlines in a timely manner. Monitoring of the budget at each
stage of production.
Clarisa Díaz Bernasconi - page 1
Editor In Chief
Rincones de mi tierra
Mar 2007 - Feb 2008 (1 year)
Coordinate editors and post producers of documentary segments for TV and video in the Mexican
tourism promotion production company "Rincones de mi Tierra". www.rinconesdemitierra.com
Tasks performed: Editing and post-production in Final Cut.
Team Production (Mexico D.F.)
Viacom
Aug 2007 - Oct 2007 (3 months)
I was part of the production team in the broadcast of "Los Premios" of Mtv Latinamerica in 2007
Media Production Coordinator
Acitron S.A.
Mar 2007 - May 2007 (3 months)
Post-production coordination in the final phase of the assembly of the documentary "Havanyork"
Post Production Assistant
America TV
Jan 2007 - Mar 2007 (3 months)
Coordinación de postproducción y en el área de Videotape durante la transmisión de los segmentos en
vivo.
Producer - Journalist
Greenpeace
Jun 2006 - Dec 2006 (7 months)
The first Tv Show for Greenpeace in Argentina host by Celebrities. Search and contact 13 Argentine
Celebrities.
Coordination of outdoor recordings, arranging interviews for each report, search and selection of
archive material, and coordination in the post-production of each program.
Journalist - Content Producer
Canal 7 Argentina
Apr 2000 - Jul 2006 (6 years 4 months)
Production of guests, coordination of the journalistic team, Coordination of the live broadcast.
Production of special news reports, general interest and shows.
Coordination of the mobile unit outdoors.
Producer
Canal A
Jan 1999 - Apr 2000 (1 year 4 months)
Production and realization of programs in the cultural channel "Canal a" for Álvarez y Asociados S.A.
(currently "Tranquilo Producciones")
Completed tasks:
Clarisa Díaz Bernasconi - page 2
Arrangement and production of interviews with figures of Latin American culture. Search and selection
of archive material, coordination of event recordings and live broadcasts. Among the outstanding cycles
are: "Profiles, the faces of Latin America today...", International Independent Film Festival, Special
Program for the University of Buenos Aires: "Why is Buenos Aires flooded", Special programs for the
signal "I -Sat”: “Jack the Ripper and “Freemasonry”
Education
Edit and Structure of the Story con Miguel Perez
2015 - 2015
TEA
Journalist
2002 - 2005
Buenos Aires Comunicaciones
Tv And Film Director
1999 - 2000
Skills
After Effects       Adobe Premiere Pro       Content Marketing       Online Marketing       Social Media Marketing    
  English       Video Post-Production       Video Marketing       Team Leadership       Online Video Marketing
Clarisa Díaz Bernasconi - page 3

Pankaj Yadav
Experienced video editor, skills passionate about bringing stories to
life through visual content. Proficient in VN, Capcut, or Filmora, with
an internship in video editing. Currently, learning Adobe Premiere Pro
to enhance my skill. Worked on various college events and societies.
Experience
Displayed proficiency in editing promotional videos, and
commercials for a diverse clientele. 
Assemble and edit the footage to create a coherent and
engaging story. 
Edited online class videos for YouTube.
Video editor (internship)
2022 - present
OLL.co
Learner in Adobe Premiere Pro
Videas for social media platforms
Color grading, audio editing, and visual effects
Proficient in VN, Capcut, and Fimora
Cinematography, cameras and equipment
Teamwork
About
Skills
Contact
9174867756
Phone
siddarth8818@gmail.com
Email
Surendra Palace, Narayan
Nagar, Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh
462026
Address
Education
Smrat Ashok Technological
Institute, vidisha
Bachelor in technology
2022 - present
Language
12th: 93%
10th: 92.4%
Hindi - Native Speaker
English - Good
Links
Instagram
Youtube
Linkedin
Volunteering
Video editor, Udaan: dramatical society 
       February 2022 - present
Cinematographer, Mirage: photogra[hy club 
       April 2022 - present

 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/aishwarya-
srinivasan (LinkedIn)
www.youtube.com/channel/
UCzd4ZN716evEjtbJERBMTfg
(Blog)
www.instagram.com/
the.datascience.gal/ (Personal)
www.illuminate-ai.org/ (Company)
Top Skills
Personal Branding
Responsible AI
Data Science
Languages
Malayalam
Tamil
English
Hindi
Certifications
Professional Certification: Level 1 -
Certified Data Scientist
IBM Intellectual Capital/ Intellectual
Property Creator
IBM Recognized Teacher/ Educator
Enterprise Design Thinking
Practitioner
Google Cloud Certified Professional
Machine Learning Engineer
Publications
"Data Science as a Service on cloud
platform"
"Inheritance of handwriting features"
Reinforcement Learning - The
Business Use-cases
"Hybrid cloud for educational sector"
"Era of cloud computing - a new
insight to hybrid cloud"
Patents
Aishwarya Srinivasan
Data Scientist (GenAI)- Google Cloud | LinkedIn Top Voice Data &
AI | Top 10 Women in AI | EB1A "Einstein Visa" Recipient | 440k+
Followers
San Francisco Bay Area
Summary
Deep Learning Researcher || Scikit-Learn Contributor || Data
Science || Statistical Machine Learning || Reinforcement Learning ||
Algorithm Optimization || Specialization - AI in Finance || Speaker ||
Thought Leader
All the posts reflect my own views and do not represent my
employer.
Aishwarya is working as a Data Scientist in the Google Cloud AI
Services team to build machine learning solutions for customer
use cases, leveraging core Google products including TensorFlow,
DataFlow, and AI Platform. Prior to this, Aishwarya was working
as an AI & ML Innovation Leader at IBM Data & AI, where she was
working cross-functionally with the product team, data science
team and sales to research AI use-cases for clients by conducting
discovery workshops and building assets to showcase the business
value of the technology. She is the founder of Illuminate AI, first of its
kind non-profit organization for providing resources and mentorship
for people who want to build their career in the field of AI. She
is an advocate for open-source technologies, presently an open
source Developer Advocate for Deepchecks; previously a developer
advocate for PyTorch Lightning and a contributor to Scikit Learn. 
Aishwarya has been awarded Trailblazer of the Year by Women in AI
in 2022 and Women of Influence by Business Journal in 2022.
She holds a post-graduate in Data Science from Columbia
University.  She has worked with clients all across the globe and has
traveled internationally to London, Dubai, Istanbul, and India to lead
and work with them. She is very focused on expanding her horizons
in the machine learning research community including her recent
 
Page 1 of 11
 
 
Machine Trading using
Reinforcement Learning
Patent Award won in 2018 for developing a Reinforcement Learning
model for Machine Trading.
She is an ambassador for the Women in Data Science community,
originating from Stanford University. She has over 420,000 follower
base on LinkedIn and actively organizes events and conferences
to inspire budding data scientists. She has been spotlighted as a
LinkedIn Top Voice 2020 for Data Science and AI, which features
Top 10 Machine Learning influencers across the world. 
She is an ardent reader and has contributed to the scholastic
community. To spread her knowledge in the space of data science,
and to inspire budding Data Scientists, she actively writes blogs
related to machine learning on LinkedIn and Instagram: https://
www.instagram.com/the.datascience.gal
Besides being a data junkie, she is a fitness fanatic who is into
martial arts(Krav Maga) and yoga. https://www.instagram.com/
the.datascience.gal
Experience
Google
Data Scientist - Google Cloud AI
January 2022 - Present (1 year 7 months)
  Working on building solutions using Large Language Models and Generative
AI capabilities on Google Cloud- GenAI Specialist
  Customer-facing Data Scientist, building machine learning solutions for
customer use cases leveraging core Google Cloud AI platform and services.
  Collaborating cross functionally with product team to perform industry
research on machine learning use-cases and
building technical assets for end-to-end pipelines
  Co-leading initiatives for building tools for Responsible AI workflows
  Led a team to develop Data Quality Assessment Framework to be widely
used in Google Cloud AI teams
  Working on demand forecasting models, MLOps pipelines, personalization
models, DocAI, and VisionAI models, across retail, banking and manufacturing
industries (confidential customers)
 
Page 2 of 11
 
 
  20% - Working as a PM with the product team to develop features in Vertex
AI platform (confidential)
Illuminate AI
Founder | Mentor
March 2021 - Present (2 years 5 months)
California, United States
First of its kind volunteer mentorship platform for folks in Artificial Intelligence!
Illuminate - AI is a platform built to connect people from the Artificial
Intelligence Community.We believe knowledge grows by sharing. We are
driven to connect mentors, who would like to give to the community, to
mentees, who are seeking guidance and motivation. The mentorship program
is not limited to a senior individual mentoring a novice but is it also open to
peer-mentorship. 
There is a lot to learn!
A platform is also for sharing thoughts and ideas in the space of Artificial
Intelligence and its applications in real-world use-cases. 
Playlists available are Weekend Musings, AI Guild, What's Tuning and
Cracking Data Science Interviews.
O'Reilly Media
Technical Reviewer - Editorial Board
April 2021 - Present (2 years 4 months)
Stanford Deep Data Research Computing Center
Senior Data Scientist
July 2022 - December 2022 (6 months)
Deepchecks
Open Source Developer Advocate
April 2022 - December 2022 (9 months)
AIM Leaders Council
Member
November 2021 - December 2022 (1 year 2 months)
AI for Good Foundation
Advisory Board Member
July 2021 - December 2022 (1 year 6 months)
 
Page 3 of 11
 
 
International Association of Engineers 
Member
July 2021 - December 2022 (1 year 6 months)
The AI Education Project
Advisory Board Member
June 2021 - December 2022 (1 year 7 months)
San Francisco Bay University
Advisory Board Member
May 2022 - November 2022 (7 months)
IBM
3 years
AI & ML Innovation Leader - Business Development
April 2021 - January 2022 (10 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
- Building Data and AI capabilities of Cloud Pak for Data, IBM Lead with
offerings and partnerships by building data science and machine learning
models to cater to the broader client, sales, and partner communities. 
  Worked cross functionally with product team, data science team and sales
to research AI use-cases for clients by conducting discovery workshops and
building demo assets to showcase the value of IBM Cloud services
- Lead a team to generate new opportunities by proposing new features
for IBM Cloud Data & AI product offerings based on industry research and
fostering broader client, and product analytics
- Leading post-signature activities for CSM, to ensure client projects are begun
quickly and seamlessly.
Data Scientist - Data Science & AI Elite
February 2019 - April 2021 (2 years 3 months)
New York, United States
-Working on 6-8 week client engagements to implement SoA (state of the art)
machine learning models, and integrate them into their organizational workflow
to put AI into action. 
- Led engagements with clients from multiple industries like health, finance,
intergovernmental organizations (United Nations), non-profit organizations,
international government bodies. 
 
Page 4 of 11
 
 
-Managed cross-border client accounts and traveled to London, Dubai,
Istanbul, Mumbai, and multiple states within the United States.
-Submitted a patent for building a novel reinforcement learning model for
machine trading.
PyTorch Lightning
Open Source Developer Advocate
October 2020 - July 2021 (10 months)
New York, New York, United States
Goldman Sachs
Data Scientist (Capstone)
September 2018 - December 2018 (4 months)
Greater New York City Area
Capstone project via Columbia University (With Jared Peterson @ Goldman
Sachs)
Developing a model for finding the Similarity Indexes of various Medical
Institutes based on their clinical trial data using the open source AACT
Database. (Text analytics and exploring alternative data)
IBM Data Science and Advanced Analytics
Data Science and Machine Learning Intern
June 2018 - December 2018 (7 months)
Greater New York City Area
Developing Reinforcement Learning Model for Long & Short Trading and
Portfolio Management.
Columbia University Irving Medical Center
Graduate Research Assistant
June 2018 - December 2018 (7 months)
Greater New York City Area
Working on patient's EHR and time series data of heart rate, blood pressure
and patient's health response during the operation. The goal is to develop a
forecasting model to detect the seizure of patients; using multi-level model.
The time series data would be analyzed using dynamic time warping methods
due to varying lengths and unequal intervals of the data. 
 
Page 5 of 11
 
 
Data Science Institute, Columbia University
1 year
Scikit Learn Contributor
April 2018 - December 2018 (9 months)
Greater New York City Area
Graduate Research Assistant
January 2018 - May 2018 (5 months)
Greater New York City Area
Analysis and extension of scikit- learn ( Guide : Prof. Andreas Mueller)
Scikit-learn is a Python machine learning library containing a large collection
of machine learning models, as well as evaluation metrics and tools for
implementing machine learning workflows.
The goal of this project is to analyze the current usage of scikit-learn on a large
scale (i.e. the scale of all open-source code, even all public code), and extend
the library based on the findings; to identify usage patterns, problematic use
cases, and ways to improve the interface. 
Columbia Business School
Research Assistant
September 2017 - January 2018 (5 months)
Greater New York City Area
iTech Mission Pvt. Ltd.
Data Scientist Intern
May 2017 - June 2017 (2 months)
New Delhi Area, India
During my internship as a Data Scientist I accomplished the following tasks:
- Data collection and extraction using various websites like World Bank, UNDP,
UNICEF etc.
- Data filtering 
- Data visualizations using D3js predominantly along with Microsoft Power BI,
Tableau and Adobe Photoshop for Info graphics.
- Writing tech blog correlating topics like GST, BRICS Meet, Ocean
Conference, Planet 50-50 with SDGs.
- Extensive reading and research on data and whitepapers in SDG 13 and 14:
Climate Change and Life below water respectively.
 
Page 6 of 11
 
 
Whilst my term, we worked on the project of 'The Ocean Conference
Challenge' as well, for data analytics and visualization, for which we were
awarded by the UN-DESA.
Mereex Services Pvt Ltd - India
Machine Learning Intern
December 2016 - May 2017 (6 months)
New Delhi, Delhi, India
Microsoft
Machine Learning Intern
May 2016 - July 2016 (3 months)
Hyderabad Area, India
- Worked with the Bing Team for Machine Learning and NLP.
-  Worked on developing a Skype ChatBot for Redmond Campus, fulfilling 6
broad criteria.
-  Coordinated with the Redmond team for understanding the functional and
technical requirements.
-  Worked with BotFramework in Microsoft Visual Studio (C#) on Azure,
Cognitive services, Bing Maps, NLP, luis.ai, REST APIs and machine learning.
International Management Institute - IMI
Data Analyst Intern 
January 2016 - February 2016 (2 months)
New Delhi Area, India
-  Did extensive research on capacity utilization of goods and Index of
Industrial Production.
-  Read many research papers and company white papers to gain knowledge.
-  Made theoretical hypothesis regarding the IIP growth, and to prove the
hypothesis, did data analytics.
-  The analytics included Time Series and Wharton Index of Growth for
Capacity Utilization of Goods in Indian Industry using Index of Industrial
Production.
National Informatics Centre - India
Data Research Analyst Intern
December 2015 - February 2016 (3 months)
Delhi
 
Page 7 of 11
 
 
- Data set of a restaurant-customer ratings was collected through internet
sources. (data.gov.in)
- The analysis had to be done to find the dependent factors which influence the
overall rating, food rating and service rating of the restaurant. 
- Predictive analysis needs to be applied to find response of customer in a
different scenario. 
- In the pre-processing of the dataset, qualitative information was converted
to quantitative data; including data cleaning.The dataset was converted into
multiple table using the database approach- entity relationship diagram.
- Supervised learning methods of correlation, linear regression and
ANOVA was done. Later, unsupervised learning method was also applied.
Unsupervised learning does not use previously known results to train its
models. Rather, it uses descriptive statistics to examine the natural patterns
and relationships that occur within the data and does not predict a target
value. 
- Another data set of Mutual Fund Performance for 8 years was collected.
- The growth rates of the mutual fund are influenced by various factors, which
are mostly indirect, like the technological development in industries, industrial
growth, gross profit margin in the industry etc. in which the mutual fund
company has invested its bonds. For the customer to buy a mutual fund bond,
the Net Value of the bond should be high, so as the person who is investing
gets higher returns.
- For the purpose, predictive and time series analysis was applied for model
generation.
EY
Social Media/Business Analyst Intern
January 2015 - August 2015 (8 months)
Virtual
The company hired me for social media and business analytics- highly
confidential.
- The dataset was entirely generated by extracting information from the Twitter
profile of the clients for whom the analytics was performed. For the purpose,
Twitter Streaming API (text mining) was used.
- The data was wired to the RStudio using twitteR library and the analytics was
coded using R language. 
- Various analytical methods were applied, namely, word cloud where an
image composed of words used in a particular text or subject, in which the size
 
Page 8 of 11
 
 
of each word indicates its frequency or importance; sentiment analysis which is
a process of computationally identifying and categorizing opinions expressed
in a piece of text, especially in order to determine whether the writer's attitude
towards a particular topic, product, etc. is positive, negative, or neutral.
-  Later User Activity Monitoring (UAM) was also performed to visualize the
activeness of the user in making posts, sharing posts, liking and commenting
using info graphics.
- All the data inferences were converted into one-sliders which consisted of all
information as graphics for each client being inspected.
International Management Institute - IMI
Market Data Analyst Intern
June 2015 - July 2015 (2 months)
New Delhi Area, India
I did the project with Dr. Neena Sondhi, who has a diverse 20+ years of
diverse experience of teaching, research and consultancy. An alumnus and a
merit holder from the Faculty of Arts, University of Delhi, she has successfully
managed senior administrative roles in the organization.  
The project was co-mentored by Dr. Chhavi Mehta who is a professor in IMI.
She has completed her PhD from IIT, Delhi and has done Empirical Financial
and Accounting Research Program from IIM, Calcutta.
- A survey was conducted among various Stock market investors to analyse
their investment behavior.
- The data collected was converted from qualitative to quantitative for ease in
analysis. Data cleaning  and pre-processing was performed.
- The aim of the project was to analyse and build models for Customer
Satisfaction and Profit Prediction & Enhancement for Stock Market.
- The analysis was done using IBM SPSS.
Tata Consultancy Services
Market Data Analyst Intern
March 2015 - May 2015 (3 months)
Chennai
- Data from NSE and BSE websites of Sensex and Nifty was collected. 
- Data values of various parameters like gold rates, industrial production, textile
rates, mining etc were extracted.
- The purpose was to find a relationship, as to how the growth or decline in
various industries can effect the Sensex and Nifty rates to go up or down.
- Predictive modeling using regression and time series analysis was applied.
 
Page 9 of 11
 
 
- The analysis was done in IBM SPSS.
Tata Consultancy Services
Research And Development Intern- Cloud Computing 
December 2014 - January 2015 (2 months)
New Delhi Area, India
- I worked for the client DirecTV, USA for modeling their transmission via cloud
platform.
- Extensive research was done to understand the encryption algorithms, video
streaming, real time transmission using cloud computing etc.
- A cloud architecture was designed to do receive data from satellite, perform
video encryption and transmit it in real time to the receiver set top boxes.
Delhi University
Research And Development Intern- MATLAB development 
June 2014 - July 2014 (2 months)
New Delhi Area, India
- Extensive research on forensic science and handwriting analysis was done.
- Handwriting features and their dependency with the human personality was
studied. 
- A survey was conducted where uniform handwriting samples of families were
collected, father, mother, grandparents, kids and siblings; in order to analyse
upon the characteristics of handwriting that are inherited.
- Later, a software was developed using MATLAB, where handwriting text can
be recognized, similar to OCR and handwriting features like slant, kurtosis,
skewness, margin gap, inter-word and inter-line spaces were analysed.
- Our research and the results were well-appreciated by a lot of researchers,
and we got our work published in International Refereed Journal of
Engineering and Science.
HP
Student Internship
February 2014 - March 2014 (2 months)
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
#Internship in finance and management as a core subject
# Software application and working techniques involving business strategies.
# Focus on social entrepreneurship and cash flow during profit and loss in
businesses.
 
Page 10 of 11
 
 
# Other aspects like conducting interviews, communication techniques and
inventory management.Preparation of excel sheets for break-even point
calculation, cash flow, energy auditing and income statement.
Education
Columbia University in the City of New York
Master of Science - MS, Data Science  · (2017 - 2018)
Vellore Institute of Technology
Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.), Computer Science and
Engineering · (2013 - 2017)
 
Page 11 of 11


 

 
 
Chethan CN 
Java Developer 
E 8971559368 
e Bangalore, Karnataka 
 
 
 
 
 chethancn82@gmail.com 
 
 
 
 
SUMMARY 
 
Java Developer with 1.9 years of Java Development 
experience. Have deep knowledge in Core Java, Spring Boot 
SQL, Hibernate, Microservices, AWS Services, Docker, JSP
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 
Languages 
 
Java 
JavaScript 
Python 
HTML 
React JS, Junit, SVN. 
 
EDUCATION 
 
Frameworks 
 
Spring Boot 
   React JS 
Struts 
Bachelor of Engineering 
New Horizon College of Engineering 
C 2017 - 2021  Bangalore, Karnataka 
 
12th Grade 
 
GPA 
7.9 / 10 
 
 
Score 
 
 
 
 
Database 
MySQL 
Oracle 
JPA 
Hibernate 
JDBC 
Jain University 
e Bangalore, Karnataka 
10th Grade 
83 / 100 
 
 
Other 
Score 
VET High School 
e Bangalore, Karnataka 
94 / 100 
AWS 
Microservices 
 
 
 
 
Linux Scripting 
Git 
Docker 
EXPERIENCE 
 
Java Developer 
Cognizant Technology Solutions 
 10/2021 - Ongoing  Bengaluru, Karnataka 
 
o  
 Used Java EE technologies like Spring Boot, Struts to 
develop web applications for client server environments. 
o 
 Diversified skillsets such as AWS services, 
Microservices, Docker, Kubernetes, React JS, 
Hibernate, REST. 
o 
 
Worked with Java, SQL, JSP, XML, HTML, CSS3, Jira, 
WebLogic,Putty and SVN 
o 
 Collaborated in team-based, Agile environment to 
accomplish objectives by deadlines. Worked with SVN and Git 
as the Version Control Systems. Managed the WebLogic 
server through Putty. Testing using JUnit and Mockito 
WebLogic  
Jira 
JSP 
SVN 
JSON 
Kubernetes 
 
 
SOFT SKILLS 
Communication 
 Through my work experience and formal 
education, 
I have developed strong 
communication skills, and I'm able to 
clearly 
convey 
points 
to 
different 
audience. I'm also a good listener which 
aids in my ability to understand a situation 
and prepare an appropriate response.
Internship - Java Intern 
Cognizant Technology Solutions 
03/2021 - 06/2021 
Time management 
Able to prioritize tasks and manage my 
time so that I can focus on my work and 
well-being in a single day
 
o 
Developed Spring Boot Applications such as forms, Registration 
With Login/Logout feature using Thymeleaf, Bootstrap, Lombok 
H2/MySQL. Used SQL to generate Web Reports and customizations. 

MOHAMED SULTHAN M 
UX/UI and Graphic Designer
chennai, India
mdsulthanlpt@gmail.com
+91 8124838657
EDUCATION
UX/UI Designing
07/2022 -01/2023
Buff Creative College
B.Tech(Information Technology)
[CGPA-7.89]
Mohamed sathak AJ college Of Engineering, chennai
08/2018 - 06/2022
HSC  [75%]
06/2017 -04/2018
Imam Gazzali Matric Higher Secondary School,Lalpet 
SSLC [89%]
06/2015-04/2016
Imam Gazzali Matric Higher Secondary School,Lalpet 
PROJECT
DESIGNS
Train Seva-Mobile-Android
UX(Research)/UI(Design)
Mid-Fdelity, High-Fidelity
Duration: 10 Weeks
Tool Used: Adobe XD,  Figma, Balsamiq
⁕
⁕
⁕
High-Fidelity
Duration: 1 Week
Tool Used: Figma
⁕
⁕
⁕
HOBBIES AND INTERESTS
Tourist-Website-Desktop
UI(Design)
High-Fidelity
Duration: 1 Week
Tool Used: Figma
⁕
⁕
⁕
⁕
⁕
⁕
⁕
⁕
Bike Showroom-Dashboard-Desktop
UI(Design)
I love reading editorial and watching content about Tech news
Listening to music and watching technology news.
I am always fascinated by newly released pc products.
LANGUAGE
Tamil
⁕ English
Looking for an entry level position to 
start my career in the UX UI design. I 
am interested in strengthening my 
skills, gaining knowledge, and 
realizing my potential to make a 
significant contribution to the 
company.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
SOFTWARE SKILLS
UX Research
⁕ UI Designing
Usability Testing
⁕
Wireframing
⁕
Prototyping
⁕
Mockup
⁕
Website Design
⁕
Adobe Photoshop
Adobe Illustrator
Adobe XD
Figma
Balsamiq
Responsive Design
⁕
CERTIFICATES
FOLLOW ME
UX/UI Designing-Buff Creative College-
Chennai
Graphic Designing-Buff Creative College-
Chennai
 https://lkdin.io/3yha
 https://www.behance.net/mdsulthan25

I am a Full Stack Web Developer. Strong creative, analytical and problem solving skills. 
A B O U T  M E
E X P E R I E N C E
Led all the frontend initiatives at the company, collaborating with cross-functional teams to design and
implement web applications using modern front-end technologies such as React and Next with TypeScript.
Developed and implemented APIs to improve data accessibility and enhance application functionality.
Added full stack features such as web push notifications and upload server (AWS S3).
Worked closely with back-end developers to integrate APIs and ensure seamless data flow between the front-
end and back-end systems.
Feblic tries to solve the problem of high price in-app purchases(30%) in app stores of big tech giants like Google
app and App store.
Led all the frontend initiatives, collaborating with cross-functional teams to design and implement web
applications, More about Feblic.
P R O J E C T S
DYLIT
Led all frontend initiatives at the company, overseeing the development and implementation of user-facing
features to improve the platform's overall user experience.
Designed and implemented full stack features such as web push notifications, user uploads (using AWS S3), and
APIs, improving platform functionality and user engagement.
Worked closely with cross-functional teams to gather requirements and ensure alignment with business goals,
resulting in a highly effective and user-friendly social media platform.
Maintained a strong focus on software best practices, including agile development, continuous integration, and
automated testing, ensuring high-quality code and timely delivery.
FAWR - Chennai, India
Jan, 2023 - April, 2023
FULL STACK DEVELOPER
Led the development of a CRM application, which improved customer engagement and streamlined
communication between sales, marketing, and customer support teams.
Implemented the complete hiring pipeline of a HRM application, which saves 90% time of the respected HR.
Planned, Designed, build, tested and deployed four applications.
Mentored other developers in best practices for front-end and back-end development, resulting in a more efficient
and cohesive development team.
|
Yudoeo - Hyderabad, India
Jan, 2022 - Dec, 2022
FULL STACK DEVELOPER
|
Feblic - HBTU, Kanpur, India
May, 2021 - Dec, 2021
FRONTEND DEVELOPER
|
BDM
Implemented feature for admin-only invitations of users with assigned roles to partner platforms (CRM,HRM,CMS)
Successfully led the re-architecture of the BDM application's code, addressing numerous bugs and enhancing
overall functionality.
Managed the entire project, ensuring timely delivery and effective collaboration between team members.
Implemented best practices for code development, resulting in improved code quality, maintainability, and
scalability.
CRM
Contributed to the development of the CRM application, adding necessary features and functionality to meet
business requirements.
Designed and implemented key modules, including lead management, customer segmentation, sales
forecasting, dashboard overview, contacts management, marketing section (through ads, email and social
media), campaign creation, deals management, invoice generation, task management. schedule meeting,
improving overall performance and user experience.
HRM
Designed and Implemented the entire hiring pipeline within the HRM application, providing HRs with a
streamlined process for generating offer letters for candidates.
Developed a system that automatically generates offer letters based on a candidate's experience and job role,
reducing the time and effort required to create individualized letters.
Worked closely with HR teams to understand their requirements and ensure alignment with business goals,
resulting in a highly effective and user-friendly HRM system.
V I S H A L  J A I S W A L
+91-9794363528
vishaljaiswal9551@gmail.com
Portfolio
linkedIn
A C H I E V E M E N T
HACTOBERFEST (2021)
HACKATHON - INEURON AND
GEEKYANTS
CODECHEF(3*)
MEMBER OF THE CORE WEB DEV TEAM
IN THE COLLEGE
3 TIMES MY ART-WORK GOT PUBLISHED
IN OUR COLLEGE NEWS LETTER
E D U C A T I O N
St. Peter Inter College
2014 - 2018
SECONDARY SCHOOL
Harcourt Butler Technical University
BACHELOR OF TECHNOLOGY
2019 - 2023
L A N G U A G E S
Full Professional
Proficiency
ENGLISH
Full Professional
Proficiency
HINDI
S K I L L S
React, Node Js, Java, DBMS, Nginx, AWS, Redis, Next, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, Javascript, TailwindCss,  React Native  

Manoj Kumar Seela 
Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, 530002 | manojkumar853281@gmail.com | 
Mobile: 7981863668 
EDUCATION 
Nxtwave Disruptive Technologies 
Industry Ready Certification in Full-stack Development 
Raghu engineering college, Visakhapatnam 
B Tech (Bachelor of Technology)_Mechanical Engineering (ME) (7.1 CGPA) 
Sri presidency junior college, Visakhapatnam 
Intermediate_MPC (88.3%) 
Dolphin school, Visakhapatnam 
Secondary School Of Certificate (8.3 CGPA) 
May '22 - Ongoing 
 
2016 - 2020 
 
2014 - 2016 
 
2013 - 2014 
 
 
SKILLS 
Frontend: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript*, React.js* 
Backend: Python, Express*, Node.js* 
Databases: SQLite* 
Others: Microsoft Office 
*courses yet to be completed 
 
PROJECTS 
Food Munch (foodmunchmanu.ccbp.tech) 
Developed a responsive website for Food Store where users can see a list of food items, detailed information 
about a food item, offers 
  Designed page using following HTML structure elements like li, header, article, footer elements and 
different bootstrap components to show different sections in the website and different bootstrap classes 
for responsiveness through mobile-first approach. 
  Implemented product youtube videos by using bootstrap embed and model components 
Technologies used: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap 
Popular Podcasts (Podcasts Page)(musicpodcasts.ccbp.tech) 
Developed a website where users can see different podcasts by different people and each podcast with speaker 
name and number of episodes 
  Designed a banner section and the project cards using different HTML block, inline elements. 
  Styled the website using CSS3 properties such as background, flex, and CSS box model properties and 
relative units such as vh, vw, and used absolute units such as px. 
Technologies used: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap 
My Projects (My Projects Page) (manojmyproject.ccbp.tech) 
Developed a website where people like interviewers can see list of projects that a person implemented 
  Designed a banner section and the project cards using different HTML block, inline elements. 
  Styled the website using CSS3 properties such as background, flex, and CSS box model properties and 
relative units such as vh, vw, and used absolute units such as px. 
Technologies used: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap 

Rajarshi Chatterjee
+91-7871904332
Roll No.: H20210041
rajarshi.1998.chatterjee@gmail.com
M.Eng.
h20210041@goa.bits-pilani.ac.in
Computer Science
Github
BITS Pilani K K Birla Goa Campus
Linkedin
Education
Degree/Certificate
Institute/Board
Year
M.Eng. (CS)
BITS Pilani, Goa
2021-Present
B.Tech. (CSE)
SRMIST, Kattankulathur
2017-2021
Senior Secondary
WBHSCE Board
2016
Secondary
ICSE Board
2014
Experience
  Writingo
March, 2023 - Present
AI Intern
India-Remote
- Working on prompt engineering for automated content generation for several usecases using LLMs like GPT-
3/GPT-3.5/GPT-4, LLaMA, Claude, and image generation using DALLE-2, Stable Diffusion.
- Worked alongside the front-end and back-end engineers to integrate Generative AI features in the website from
AWS lambda.
  Techolution
Jan. 2023 - Feb. 2023
AI Intern
India-Remote
- Contributed to model building and model testing phase for the project involving ASR and speech data processing.
- Worked on improvement of performance of ASR models and model fine-tuning hosted on GCP.
  BITS Pilani, Pilani
Jun. 2022 - Jul. 2022
Summer Research Intern
Pilani, Rajasthan, India
- Contributed to data collection for low-resource Indian tribal languages.
- Contributed to development of custom data augmentation for low-resource Indian tribal languages
- Contributed to data collection, annotation, of parallel corpora for NMT between English and low-resource Indian
tribal languages
  ZeonAI Labs
May 2022 - Jun 2022
DS Intern
India-Remote
- Worked on Document-Level Semantic Search.
- Performed experiments on elasticsearch with milvus and faiss to test their performance with embeddings.
- Performed experiments on BERT and LinkBERT to test performance on custom QA tasks.
Projects
  Car Price Prediction
Dec. 2021
Developed a simple Flask web app which predicts the after-market price of a car with 88 % accuracy
- Data used: scraped from cardekho.com
- Model used: RandomForrestRegressor
- Tools & technologies used: BeautifulSoup, Python, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Flask
  Wheat-head detection, on Kaggle
Jan. 2022
Developed yolov5 model with yolov5s architecture on pre-annotated images that detects wheat heads
  AI Presentation maker
Feb. 2023
Developed using GPT-3 and Stable diffusion for automated custom slides generation
Key Courses Taken
  Data Structures, Algorithms, DBMS, Operating System, Computer Networks, Pattern Recognition, Natural
Language Processing, Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence
Technical Skills
  Programming:
C/C++, Python, SQL
  Tools & OS: Git, Jupyter Notebook, Google Colab, PyCharm, VSCode, Linux, Windows
  Libraries/Frameworks: Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-learn, PyTorch, NLTK, spaCy, Hugginface
  Web Skills & DB: HTML/CSS, Flask, FastAPI, PostgresSQL, MySQL, MongoDB
Positions of Responsibility
  Teaching Assistant,Fundamentals of Data Science, BITS Goa
January 2022 - May 2022
  Research Practice,Biologically-Inspired Neural Nets, BITS Goa
September 2021 - December 2021
Achievements
  Secured AWS AI & ML Scholarship
2022
Certifications
 
NPTEL Certification on Data Analysis with Python, IIT Roorkee
 
Deep Learning Specialisation, DeepLearning.ai
 
Natural Language Processing Specialisation, DeepLearning.ai

 
 
  
  
 
     G.C.E(A/L) Examination, Maruthamunai, Ampara  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
 @gmail. 
   
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
     
 
   
                              
 
 
   
   
            
  
   
     
             
 
 
 
 
   
          
 
   
 
 
  ,Ampara 
 
  
 
   
 
  
 
   
  
 
   
 
   MongoDB  
    
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
Ionic  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
Department of Computer Science,  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
2021 
  
 
 
 
 
  
2021 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 

 

 
    2023  
                 Graduated  
PROJECTS  
  
2022  
LibraryManagementSystem -  Web Application  
The website is designed to host in XAMPP local server. It's an 
interactive web platform, designed using HTML5, CSS3, Laravel 
and MySQL  
2022  
Online Vaccination System -  Web Application The website is 
designed to host in XAMPP local server. It's an interactive web 
platform, designed using HTML5, CSS3,  
Laravel and MySQL  
 
2022 
EasyDelivery - is E-commerce web application  
This application is designed by MERN With AWS 
I designed and developed for PRODIGIT.in which is an 
Indian company 
 
2023  
WEBH - is web application  
This application is designed by MERN With AWS 
I designed and developed for PRODIGIT.in which is an 
Indian company(https://mywebh.com) 
 
2023  
NETFLIX clone- is web application  
This application is designed by MERN  
 
 
 
Experience 
2022 - 2023 
MERN - in PROODIGIT.in 
Here I worked as a mern stack developer 
For more than one year 
 
 
   
   
 
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   Fast learning   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   Fast learning   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
 
 
 

CONTACT
kapoor.madhu89@hotmail.com
(91) 8506800086
behance.net/madhukapoor
House-3, Block-18, 
Sec-31, Faridabad, India
MADHU
KAPOOR
H C I  C e r t i f i e d  U I - U X  D e s i g n e r
EXPERIENCE
UI-UX DESIGNER @ INSTAACODERS (ENDCLIENT- COCOLEVIO LLC)
Austin, Texas (USA) based company providing AI based solutions (Oct 2019 - June 2020)
Create user centric design, mobile application design(iOS/android), user flows,
process flows & site maps to effectively communicate interaction and design ideas.
Conduct user research and evaluate user feedback for design-related problems and
      devise elegant solutions.
ABOUT
HCI Certified UI-UX Designer with a passion for metrics and beating former
"best-yets." Results oriented, innovative, passionate and visionary designer
in Product UI-UX Design with high proficiency in visual design, UX research
HCI, User-centered design principles and front-end development.
CORE QUALIFICATIONS
Mobile App. Design(iOS/Android)
Persona Creation
Coding
Communication Skills
Team Leadership
Interaction Design
User Testing & Flow
Wireframing and Prototyping
Colour Palette Picking
Material Design
UI DESIGNER @ NOVELVOX
Software Product House operating in Contact Center Industry (Feb 2018 - Jul 2019)
Designed customer-focused contact center applications based on client's
specifications using quantitative and user behavior analysis skills.
EDUCATION
BACHELOR OF ARTS:
2009
Punjab University Chandigarh,
India
SKILLS
Adobe XD
Figma
Adobe Photoshop
Adobe Illustrator
Adobe Sketch
Canva
Experience with Agile Environment
Adobe Dreamweaver
HTML  / Bootstrap / Wordpress
Wireframe & Prototyping
Balsamiq
Flowmapp
Miro
Retool
Web3
CERTIFICATION
HCI - HUMAN COMPUTER
INTERACTION
2020
LEAD UI-UX DESIGNER @ NoBleSoft Development Pvt. Ltd (Formerly known
as Dian-Alfabet)
Singapore based product company providing e-learning SaaS & PaaS product(Portal
Sekolah, Portal Kampus, Portal Dinas, Portal Kerja- web, android & iOS )
(June 2020 - Presently)
Leading the team of 6 UI-UX designers (Indian & Indonesian). 
Providing UI-UX insights to stakeholders, Project Owners, CTO & CEO.
Preparing strategy and proposals to enhance the user experience of the product and
delivering User Personas, User Flows for web application, android app and iOS app. 
Responsible for conceptualizing, Customer Journey. Design UI KIT for the product
and create the Lo-Fi & Hi-Fi wireframes & prototype, emphasizing on browser
compatibility.
Familiar with agile methodology and interacting with frontend, android, iOS,
backend team.
ACHIEVEMENTS
NCC “C” Certificate holder with ‘A' grade.
Being the Best NCC Cadet of the college in the year 2009 & 2010.
Represent 3PB BN NCC in SNIC at Lakshadweep (Ernakulum Ireland) and selected
as All India Senior Cadet Officer in 2010  and won 3 Silver, 1 Bronze & 2 Gold
Medal.
Selected in TSC at State Level and won the Special Award from NCC Directorate.
Achieved Silver Medal in North Zone Shooting Camp at Chandigarh.
Represented College in Civil Defense Dare Devils at State Level & National Level.
Declared Best Softball team player in year 2005 at both State Level & District Level
Achieved Gold Medal in Creative Writing Competition in 2010 at District Level.
MADHU
KAPOOR
H C I  C e r t i f i e d  U I - U X  D e s i g n e r
PORTFOLIO
WEB DESIGNER @ SOFT SYSTEM SOLUTION
IT Company deliver streamlined and proficient solutions, (Sep 2012 - Oct 2013)
DOMAIN
e-learning
Banking & Finance
Telecom
Hospitality
Healthcare
eCommerce
Real Estate
Crypto/Blockchain/NFT
SaaS
https://www.linkedin.co
m/in/madhu-kapoor-
03776950/
https://www.behance.ne
t/madhukapoor
SOCIAL
WEB DESIGNER @ WEB ELITE STUDIOS
IT Company deliver best SEO Services (Aug 2011 - Sep 2012)
PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS
HCI (Human Computer Interaction) from Interaction Design Foundation
Enterprise Design Thinking Co-Creator from IBM
Enterprise Design Thinking Practitioner from IBM
Designing a Low Fidelity Prototype in Figma from Coursera
Become a UX Designer from Scratch from Interaction Design Foundation
behance.net/madhukapoor
HOBBIES
Travelling
Cooking
Adventure Activities
ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS
Post Graduation Diploma in Computer Application (PGDCA) from Kurukshetra
University, in 2022.
Post-Graduation in Web Designing from Visual Media Academy, Chd in 2011.
Bachelor of Arts from Punjab University, Chandigarh in 2009 with 69.16%
WEB DESIGNER @ VERITO TECHNOLOGIES
India based company providing cloud hosting services (Nov 2013 - Feb 2018)
Create wireframes, user flows, process flows and site maps to effectively
communicate interaction and design ideas.
Converting Designs into high quality implementation for the web and mobile front-
end using color theory, typography, design principles and standards.

Shubham Singh 
Software Engineer 
Patience and Perseverance have enabled my
endeavours to solve complex problems and
contribute meaningfully to organisations I work
with 
sureshshubham43@gmail.com 
8563974491 
Bangalore, India 
linkedin.com/in/shubham-singh-
59a32412a 
github.com/attainu-nightingale 
EDUCATION 
Bachelor of Technology 
Madan Mohan Malaviya Institute of
Technology 
07/2015 - 05/2019,  
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Software Engineer 
High Peak Software 
05/2021 - Present,  
High Peak Software builds world-class products for small, medium
and enterprise businesses. 
Created Micro Services to handle and process large chunk
of data based on continuous requests. 
Designed to oﬄoad the existing service by Caching. 
Maintained Micro Services using Messaging Protocol. 
Created APIs, designed Database schema required for
the services. 
Member of Technical Staﬀ 
Epikindiﬁ Software & Solutions 
07/2020 - 05/2021,  
Integrated APIs with the local ﬂow. 
Created a NPM module with more than 20 methods to be
used internally in the projects. 
Documented the projects based on the features. 
Used technologies like Run-Deck for API scheduling for
diﬀerent features in the projects. 
SKILLS 
Node.js 
Javascript 
Java 
React 
SQL 
PostGres 
MySQL 
MongoDB 
HTML 
CSS 
RabbitMQ 
LoopBack 
Express 
Git 
Redux 
PERSONAL PROJECTS 
bCard (02/2020 - 04/2020) 
bCard is a Web Application where a user can create digital cards
and share it with clients. 
Designed the model/schema to store all the data in the PostgreSQL
database & fetch them using APIs. 
Used Sequelize ORM to update/add all the data in the database. 
Blog-App (12/2019 - 02/2020) 
Built the server side of the App using various feature-prone
modules based on top of Express.js & Node.js. 
Designed and Integrated MongoDB schema to store & manipulate
the collected data of each respective user. 
Built a user-interactive Login/Signup ﬂow for two kinds of users,
using the Express-session module. 
Used jQuery and AJAX to update the webpage and make it
dynamic. 
POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITIES 
Training and Placement Cell, MMMUT
 (07/2017 - 05/2019) 
Executive Member of Placement Cell 
INTERESTS 
Reading Tech Blogs 
Cricket 
Puzzles 
Badminton 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 

George Williamson
Sevenoaks TN13 1QH
georgesamwilliamson@gmail.com
+44 7760 597692
Work Experience
Technology researcher
Maceo Restaurant - Paris (75)
February 2023 to Present
  Research on improving tech setup for business - (Wifi solutions, hardware & digitising accounting.)
  Digitilizing 40 years worth of accounting
Additional support as a Waiter for special events, wine tastings assisting & welcoming foreign clients.
Freelance Video & Marketing editor
PreWarp - London
December 2022 to February 2023
  Scripted, shot & edited main promotional video for fashion-tech startup, for website landing page,
taking onboard feedback from Manager & CEO.
  Edited key customer testimonial video of a director, for marketing and sales.
  Created marketing material & presented on the possibilities of AI for generating content to full team
Property House management
Ca's Penelope - Mallorca, Illes Balears provincia
2018 to 2023
  Working as part of the changeover team on summer home rentals for an upmarket 5-bedroom villa in
Mallorca, in high pressure turn-around times.
  Pool cleaning, gardening, furniture moving, assembly & repair, tree-cutting, painting, cleaning.
Elderly Carer
Sevenoaks
July 2022 to December 2022
  Cared for elderly couple; dealing with dementia, diabetes & cancer treatment.
  Supported on physical movement, personal hygiene, medication, cooking, cleaning & house
maintenance, inc: errands & dog walking.
Actor
ISLA Theatre - Mallorca, Illes Balears provincia
December 2016 to December 2016
Performed in front of audiences of 350+ people for a professional theatre production of "The Christmas
Carol".
Education
A Level in Environmental Science
steyning grammar school - West Sussex
September 2020 to July 2022
A Level in Product design
Steyning grammar school - West Sussex
September 2020 to July 2022
A Level in Spanish
Steyning grammar school - West Sussex
September 2020 to July 2022
Skills
  Video editing
  Photo editing
  Music production
  Woodworking
  metalworking
  Research
  Data entry
  Software troubleshooting
  English
  Spanish
  French
  Adobe Premiere (1 year)
  Adobe After Effects (1 year)
  Facebook Advertising
  Google Ads
  TikTok Ads
  Adobe Photoshop (1 year)

1/4/2022 - 1/3/2023
2/4/2021 - 30/3/2022
2/2/2020 - 2/8/2020
2021
2018
2014
Tanisha Singh
150, Indralok Nagar, Ratlam(MP)
8109993010/7803803010  |
tanishasingh3081996@gmail.com
 https://www.linkedin.com/in/tanisha-s-034b0a142
Objective
To get an opportunity where I can make the best of my potential and contribute to the organization's
growth.
Experience
Perfect Talent Partner
Talent Acquisition Specialist
Help in recruiting talent for IT roles.
Procure Talent Recruiters
Technical Recruiter
PODS
Digital Marketing
Education
Vikram University
MBA
75
RGPV University
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science
72
St Joseph Convent Sr Sec School
12
85
Skills
UI/UX Design, Figma, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe XD(Basics), Wireframing, Prototype, Web Design, User
Research, HTML, MS Ofﬁce, Photoshop, Canva, C++,Human Resource.
Projects
Website Design
Design a useful and elegant website page for coaching institutes for NEET/IIT/NDA exams.
Tools Used- Figma, UI Design
Portfolio Link:
https://www.behance.net/gallery/169977533/Coaching-Institute-UI 
Child Vaccination
Language -Java, C 
Mobile App for Grain Collection
Delivered a useful grain collection app with different features to collect amounts and maintain a
report.
Tools Used: Figma, UI Design 
Portfolio- 
https://www.behance.net/gallery/170198119/Mobile-UI-For-Grain-Collection
Languages
English & Hindi
Personal Details
Date of Birth
: 30/08/1996
Marital Status : Single
Nationality
: Indian
Religion
: Christian
Gender
: Female
Place
: Ratlam

Muddhit Baid
7586819817 | Website | Gmail | LinkedIn | Github
Experience
Software Engineer - II
June 2022 - Present
Rocketium
Bangalore
  Developed a range of functionalities for the video editor, such as the option to add, delete, clone, reorder scenes, and
upload music in bulk. These features enabled the tool to be used effectively for creating video advertisements.
  Created a comprehensive animation engine and timeline view in the video editor from scratch, offering extensive
control over keyframes and allowing users to add customized animations with ease.
  Developed options to add, delete, clone, reorder scenes and uploading scene music in bulk in the video editor,
resulting the tool be a ready to use for making video ads.
Software Engineer - I
May 2021 - June 2022
Rocketium
Bangalore
  Successfully implemented Thirdlight for DAM management and easy media access, resulting in a 67% reduction in
TAT.
  Developed a user-friendly flow for workspace management, including inviting new members and managing member
roles and settings.
  Developed a global search engine with shortcut access to important features anywhere in the application, reducing
overall turnaround time. Received MVP recognition for completing the project in just four days.
  Built the first cut of Creative Analytics engine in less than 2 weeks, which automatically pulls data from platforms
where campaigns run, understands formats, text, imagery, layouts, in the visuals, allows teams to add
brand-specific data such as offer or goal, visualises this data with information-rich charts. This attracted a great
attention among the marketers in industry.
  Proficient in a variety of technologies, including MongoDB, ExpressJS, React JS, NodeJS, AWS, TypeScript, and
Ant Design.
Technical content writer Intern
Nov 2020 - May 2021
GeeksforGeeks
Virtual
  Crafted multiple articles on demanding topics and received good reviews.
Projects
dAd Space - Decentralized Ad Network - You'r gateway to web3 Ad's. | ReactJS, Node.Js, Polygon
Nov 2022
  Won Best Developer Tool or DAO Tooling by Polygon, in world's biggest ETH Hackathon
  The entry point for DAPPs to be monetized with advertisements and analysis technologies to ensure that nobody
gets inundated with unrelated adverts.
  Uses The Graph, Push Protocol and Dune for other features.
  View Project
Summarize | ExpressJS
Mar 2021
  Slack App for Summarizing slack threads.
  Process video to generate summary out of it.
  Summarize thread of 100+ messages in a jiff and ask any questions to get answer from the thread.
Achievements
∗ Provided mentorship to over 100 college students and professionals at Newton School, empowering them to take
their initial strides into the technology industry.

Lucy Haywood
Leeds | https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucy-haywood-5a8185201/| 07539078945 |
lucyhaywood2001@gmail.com
EDUCATION
Leeds Beckett University
Huddersfield
Broadcast Media Technologies (BSc)
Graduating July 2024
 
Predicted First Class Honours.
Leeds City College
Leeds
A Level Qualifications
September 2017- June 2020
 
Awarded A, A, C, in Media Studies, Sociology and English Literature, respectively.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Matalan
Leeds
General Sales Assistant
December 2022 - Current
 
Using my initiative and creative flair to style mannequins and main displays to appeal to our
customer base and compete with other well-established brands in the city centre.
 
Maintaining a good availability of stock, out posting where necessary to drive basket sales.
 
Supporting the wider management team with daily duties.
 
Gain vast amount of knowledge to aid customers
 
Highly efficient on tills and cash handling.
 
Keeping up to date with sales and offers to drive more profit
 
Enforcing company policy when dealing with returns and customer complaints.
Nando's
Leeds
Cashier
July 2018 - December 2022
 
Delivered excellent customer service and ensured that every customer had the best dining
experience.
 
Ensured high food safety standards were met.
 
Gain a vast knowledge of the menu to give excellent recommendations to customers
depending on their taste.
 
Upsell items from the menu to gain more profit.
 
Help lead the team and delegate tasks to other colleagues to have quick table turnover.
Monomyth Records
Leeds
Videographer & Editor
November 2022
 
Using my creativity and extensive knowledge of visual and audio equipment, set up filming
equipment to film musicians performing, offering visually pleasing videography.
 
Used Premiere Pro to a high level to edit a film using footage that was filmed.
 
Directed the musicians in order to gain the best shot.
Birkenshaw CE © Primary School
Bradford
Activity Support Worker
October 2017 - July 2018
 
Passed an extensive DBS check.
 
Upkeep strict safeguarding regulations
 
Liaise with parents and teachers to provide the best enrichment activities for the children.
 
Set an example of good behaviour for the children, which included being stern when needed
but also encouraging their interests and talents.
SKILLS
Skills:
 
With my degree, I have produced numerous short films, TV shows, live streams, podcasts
and music videos, in which I have directed, filmed and edited together.
 
Competent at Microsoft Office and Adobe Creative Cloud.
 
Extensive knowledge on various Social Media applications.
 
Digital communication such as composing e-mails, content creation, copywriting and copy
editing.
 
Research, reporting and presentations.

 
 
Abdullah Mukhtar 
Director/ Editor/ Camera Operator 
 
 
 
 
Contact 
07538 049821 
abdullahmukhtarwork@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: //abdullah-mukhtar23 
Personal Summary 
A highly motivated, methodical, and result-oriented 
filmmaker and video editor, able to work efficiently in 
a team and independently. Proficient in all areas of 
post-production, including sound design and colour 
correction, on all industry level software. I am excited 
to bring a positive attitude and a keen attention to 
detail to the workplace, and will be a strong asset to 
any team. 
 
Education 
                         BA Filmmaking 
     Nottingham Trent University 
                          2022 - present 
 
Film and Television Production 
University of Hertfordshire 
2020 - 2022 
 
Access to Higher Education: Humanities 
and Social Sciences 
Buckinghamshire College Group 
2019-2020 
Grade: 39 Distinctions, 6 Merits 
 
Projects 
“The Average Employee” - 3-minute short - director 
and editor 
“Danger! Trip Hazard” - 3- minute short film - 
director 
“Swan Song” - 6-minute short drama - director 
“Ringing Out” - 6-minute short documentary - editor 
Corporate cyber-security film - producer 
Key skills 
Cinematography 
Photography 
Video Editing 
Client liaison 
Motion graphics 
 
Leadership 
Communication 
Organisation 
Delegation 
 
Adobe Creative Suite 
Avid Media Composer 
Work Experience 
March 2022 - present 
Till Operator, Stadium Concessions   Delaware North 
  
Working at Emirates and Wembley Stadium. 
  
Resolved conflict and anti-social behaviour. 
  
Kept cool under high pressure and fast paced 
work scenarios. 
 
October 2022 - November 2022 
Brand Ambassador   The Montana Organisation 
  
Business to Consumer marketing. 
  
Working to commission, following and reaching 
targets. 
  
Implementing law of averages, showing 
persistence and perseverance. 
 
 
Final Cut Pro X 
Davinci Resolve 
 
Call sheets 
Risk Assessments 
Script Supervision 
Directing Actors 
Microsoft Office 
 
Languages: 
Urdu 
Hindi 
Punjabi 
 
 
 
 
October 2021 - December 2021 
Trade Assistant   Sainsbury's 
  
Created aesthetically pleasing workplace to 
maximise sales. 
  
Maintained a high level of customer service at all 
times. 
  
Independently answered customer queries.  
 
August 2018 - December 2020 
Shift Manager   McDonald's 
  
People positioning to maximize efficiency on shift. 
  
Highest level of responsibility in store on certain 
shifts. 
  
Trusted with store and safe key. 
  
Provided help and support to other members of 
staff. 
 
Certificates 
MetFilm School 
Foundation Screenwriting 
April 2019 
 
University of Nottingham Malaysia 
Politics, Culture and the Media in South 
East Asia 
July 2022 
 
 
Hobbies and Interests 
  Basketball: helps me to keep fit while putting 
teamwork into practice. 
  Travelling: I like to immerse and educate 
myself in different cultures. 
 
 

Hindi
English
CHANCHAL KASHYAP
Contact
About Me
Education
Expertise
Language
Phone
Email
Address
7389186771
I am a technological enthusiast with the capacity to learn new skills, and
since I am familiar with the fundamentals of programming languages and
algorithms, I am able to work both in front- and back-end roles.
My abilities and professional development have
grown while working in a tough environment.
Programming languages including C, C++, Data
Structure, Java, Oracle, Database Management with
SQL,PLSQL, and MySQL are among those I've
learned.
I gained knowledge of leadership traits and
communication abilities.
2023
2021
2018
MCA,  80%
BCA,   77.31%
12th,   64%
Bhilai Institute of Technology ,
Durg
Govt Bilasa Girls' PG College,
Bilaspur (C.G.)
Saraswati Shishu Mandir Tilak
Nagar Bilaspur (C.G.)
C,C++
Java
Data Structure and Algorithm
Dot Net(VB,C#,ASP) 
Android Studio
Oracle 11g(SQL, MySQL)
chanchalkashyap014@gmail.com
Mahadev Nagar Ghuru Vard No 4
Bilaspur(C.G.)
Projects
My passion for development has led me to create 2 projects. I'm an intern working on
frontend and backend projects for Binomial Solution, and I'm also using Dot Net
framework and Android studio.
KV Homes  2022 - 2023
University Management  2020 - 2021
Frontend and Backend development - Android Studio With Java , Fire Base 
Frontend and Backend development - Visual Basic Dot Net , MS Access
Hobbies
Logical Problem Solving
Reasoning and Gaming
Soft Skills
Leadership 
Time Management
Teamwork
Adaptability

SUHAS B M
Davanagere, Karnataka 
+91 6360302143
                                                                         suhasbm44@gmail.com
Linked-in : https://www.linkedin.com/in/suhas-b-m-007079256
Github : https://github.com/i-suhas
Enthusiastic in data science  with a strong foundation in AI and ML. Seeking internship or part-time 
position to gain real-world experience. Proficient in Python, problem-solving, and critical thinking. 
Eager to apply knowledge, learn, and contribute in a dynamic and supportive organization.
Education
GM institute of technology, 
Karnataka 
Artificial intelligence and 
machine learning, Present
Sri Siddaganga  independent 
college, 2018-2020
Result: 84.2%, Jul. 2020
Rashtrotthana  vidya 
Kendra,  cbse  2015-2018
Result: 85.2%, May. 2018
Work Experience
Full stack project intern, Bengaluru, Karnataka
             November. 2021 - April. 2022
Skills & expertise
Languages: 
proficient in python for 
data manipulation
SQL for databses
MACHINE LEARNING-AI 
strong understanding of 
algorithms and 
techniques 
Web Programming: 
html , css , php
Tools: 
Matplotlib,
jupyternotebook
I have worked with sookshmas E-Learning  as a  Java full stack developer 
with a  project and as a group member I enjoyed collaboration with others 
to develop our. One of my notable achievements includes successfully 
developing a "E- Fashion Management system " as a full-stack developer.
  Overview: I have experience in real-time project implementation .
I have helped coordinate programs from start to finish, working closely 
with both colleges and companies
CERTIFICATIONS
Python for data science, AI and development IBM
Introduction to databases for Backend development Meta
Toycathon Ministry of education(Govt of India)
Technical support fundamentals Google
Scientific computing with python Freecodecamp
Advanced data modelling Meta
  PROJECTS: 
Telegram-bot :           Interactive | Python 
Authentication system :        PHP | Database
Emoji_Fier :      ML | Django , emojis prediction with the help of Machine 
learning
Visulaization :      world GDP data is analysed ,computed and visualized growth 
per captia
ACHIEVEMENTS
 
My passion towards technology is also accompanied by sports with 
significant achievement in wrestling, judo and powerlifting in VTU state 
level (4medals) 
 
Toycathon finalist ,  represented as team leader of  team forca-alliance 
Interests
 
Travelling
 
Coding
 
Sports

Ruth Uchechi - page 1 
 
Ruth Uchechi 
Enugu State, Nigeria 
 
 
sharonruth457@gmail.com  
  linkedin.com/in/ruth-uchechi  
Portfolio: https://ruthuchechi.com.ng  
 
Summary 
As a Mid-Senior UI/UX Designer, I possess considerable expertise in various fields 
including product design, graphics design, web design, product analytics, as well as 
proficiency in software tools such as Figma, Adobe XD, FigJam, Miro, InVision, 
WordPress, Shopify, Google Analytics, and Adobe Photoshop.  My experience has 
demonstrated my ability to enhance UX/UI and increase customer retention rates. My 
focus is on creating effective solutions that are relevant and leveraging data to tackle 
intricate design challenges. 
 
Experience 
 UX Researcher 
Montret 
Jan 2020 - Mar 2023 (3 years 3 months) 
  Led the UX design and research efforts for a number of key projects. 
  Worked closely with cross-functional teams, I conducted user research, 
developed user personas, created wireframes and prototypes, and 
facilitated user testing sessions 
  Conducted competitor analysis, creating design guidelines, and ensuring 
that all designs aligned with the brand's identity. 
  Worked closely with developers to ensure that all design specifications 
were met, and collaborated with the marketing team to develop a launch 
strategy for the app. 
  Communicating research findings, creating reports, presentations, to share 
research findings with stakeholders, including developers, and product 
managers. 
Ruth Uchechi - page 2 
 
 
 Mid-Senior UX Designer 
VebKard 
Jan 2017 - Jan 2019 (2 years 1 month) 
  Stayed up to date with industry trends and emerging technologies to 
inform design decisions and improve processes 
  Led design sprints and facilitated workshops to generate and prioritize design 
ideas. 
  Developed high-fidelity prototypes and conducting user testing to validate 
design solutions. 
  Created user personas, user journeys, and wireframes to communicate design 
solutions. 
  Conducted user research and usability testing to gather insights and inform 
design decisions. 
  Advocated for user-centered design principles and processes across the 
organization. 
 
Education 
 Institute of Management & Technology (IMT) 
Hnd, Banking, Corporate, Finance, and Securities Law 
2014 - 2019 
 
Licenses & Certifications 
 Creative Problem Solving and Decision Making - Alison - Empower Yourself 
3896-24528812 
 
Skills 
Problem Solving   Emphathy   User Research   Information Architecture   
Interaction Design   Collaboration   Teamwork   Miro   Adobe Photoshop   
User Interface Design 

 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/pradipnichite
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Generative AI
ChatGPT
Machine Learning
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Deep Learning Specialization
Honors-Awards
Quarterly Award Winner
Winner at HackIQ 2018  hackathon,
MIQ
Pradip Nichite
Top Rated Plus - NLP Freelancer | Custom NLP Solutions | GPT-4 |
AI Demos
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Summary
I'm a Top Rated Plus NLP freelancer on Upwork with over $100K in
earnings and a 100% Job Success rate. This journey began in 2022
after years of enriching experience in the field of Data Science.
Starting my career in 2013 as a Software Developer focusing on
backend and API development, I soon pursued my interest in Data
Science by earning my M.Tech in IT from IIIT Bangalore, specializing
in Data Science (2016 - 2018).
Upon graduation, I carved out a path in the industry as a Data
Scientist at MiQ (2018 - 2020) and later ascended to the role of Lead
Data Scientist at Oracle (2020 - 2022).
Inspired by my freelancing success, I founded FutureSmart AI in
September 2022. We provide custom AI solutions for clients using
the latest models and techniques in NLP.
In addition, I run AI Demos, a platform aimed at educating people
about the latest AI tools through engaging video demonstrations.
My technical toolbox encompasses:
Languages: Python, JavaScript, SQL.
ML Libraries: PyTorch, Transformers, LangChain.
Specialties: Semantic Search, Sentence Transformers, Vector
Databases.
️ Web Frameworks: FastAPI, Streamlit, Anvil.
☁️ Other: AWS, AWS RDS, MySQL.
In the fast-evolving landscape of AI, FutureSmart AI and I stand at
the forefront, delivering cutting-edge, custom NLP solutions to clients
across various industries.
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
Upwork Profile: https://www.upwork.com/freelancers/
~014fdabc6436bf9bd4?viewMode=1
Experience
Upwork
Freelance Data Scientist
February 2022 - Present (1 year 6 months)
Link : https://www.upwork.com/freelancers/~014fdabc6436bf9bd4?
viewMode=1
️ Successfully Completed Projects: 
1. Text Classification, Document Classification
2. Sentiment Analysis, Aspect Based Sentiment Analysis
3. Custom Named Entity Recognition
4. Question Answering System
5. Topic Modeling
6. Fine-tuning GPT-3
FutureSmart AI
Founder & Lead Data Scientist
February 2022 - Present (1 year 6 months)
Building Custom Natural Language Processing Solutions.
Oracle
2 years 1 month
Tech Lead - Data Science
September 2021 - February 2022 (6 months)
Machine Learning Solutions for Oracle Cloud Products.
Data Science Mentor
July 2021 - February 2022 (8 months)
Helping Transition Internal Employees To Data Science Team
Senior Data Scientist 
February 2020 - December 2021 (1 year 11 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
Email (text) Classification and Topic Modeling for identifying conflicts (Risks)
during project collaboration.
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
Python, Spacy, Genism, Xgboost, Pytorch.
NLP, Deep Learning, MLOps, Docker.
Project Collaboration Network Analysis
networkx, Python, d3 js, Javascript
upGrad
10 months
Subject Matter Expert
September 2021 - November 2021 (3 months)
Collaborated with the Learning Experience Department for developing
curriculum for MLOPs
Data Science Coach & Mentor
February 2021 - August 2021 (7 months)
‍
MiQ
2 years
Data Scientist
July 2018 - December 2019 (1 year 6 months)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Worked on AdTech data products that optimizes ad spends to achieve better
ROI on digital advertising campaigns. Product uses 10 TB+ data every day to
build models for 500+ campaigns.
Product got featured in Analytics India Magazine's Top Data Science Products
Build in India.
https://analyticsindiamag.com/top-data-science-products-build-in-india-2020/
Roles and Responsibilities
---------------------------------------
♦ Improving existing model performance by tuning hyperparameters.
♦ Building and maintaining scalable feature engineering pipelines using
Spark, Hive.
♦ Automating end to end data pipeline using Jenkins and Databricks jobs.
♦ Data Analysis for understanding product performance and the impact of the
new feature release.
♦ Optimize  existing code and make it scalable and robust
Data Science Intern
January 2018 - June 2018 (6 months)
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
Bengaluru Area, India
♦ Build an Automated Machine Learning (AutoML) system, a distributed
service that selects the best machine learning model with automatically tunned
hyperparameter for the given dataset.
Roles and Responsibilities
---------------------------------------
♦ Research and Develop a machine learning prototype using open source
technologies.
♦ Work closely with the Engineering team to productionize prototype.
♦ Automate the process using Jenkins, AWS and make it available to end-
users.
♦ Extend the functionality of existing open-source libraries 
Technologies: Python, Apache Spark, Skelarn, AWS, Bayesian Optimization.
The Horizon Technologies
Senior Software Developer
July 2015 - June 2016 (1 year)
Mumbai Area, India
-- Developed online school management system. 
-- Developed Rest API  using Python Flask.
https://horizontech.in/
Aeon IT Solutions
Software Developer 
November 2014 - July 2015 (9 months)
Mumbai Area, India
-- Worked on Development of  Shopping portal. 
-- Used Facebook API to the build custom dashboard for marketing
campaigns.
https://aeondigital.in/
Technologies : PHP,MySQL,Javascript
The Horizon Technologies
Software Developer
July 2013 - October 2014 (1 year 4 months)
Mumbai Area, India
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
-- Developed a custom ERP system using the PHP framework for an online
education company.
-- Build custom Web applications using WordPress CMS. 
https://horizontech.in/
Education
International Institute of Information Technology - Bangalore
Master of Technology - MTech, Data Science · (2016 - 2018)
Dr.Babasaheb Ambedkar Technological University, Lonere - Raigad
Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.), Information Technology · (2009 - 2013)
G.V.Khade Vidyalaya Shahapur,Thane,Maharashtra
Science · (2004 - 2009)
 
Page 5 of 5

 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/shalini-reddy-
mamidipally-1854391a8 (LinkedIn)
Shalini Reddy Mamidipally
Chartered Accountant, India
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Experience
Brane Enterprises Pvt Ltd
Associate Solution Leader
February 2023 - Present (6 months)
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
EY
5 years 6 months
Tax Consultant
February 2022 - January 2023 (1 year)
India
Analyst
August 2020 - February 2022 (1 year 7 months)
India
Articleship intern 
August 2017 - August 2020 (3 years 1 month)
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
Education
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
Chartered Accountant  · (February 2022)
Yeshas Academy
IPCC, Commerce · (August 2016 - May 2017)
Sri Chaitanya Junior College, Madhapur
Intermediate, MEC · (March 2014 - March 2016)
Montessori English Medium High School
 · (2005 - 2014)
 
Page 1 of 1


Krisna Pranav
FREELANCER: MOBILE APPLICATION DEVELOPER, GO, RUST
krisna.pranav@gmail.com
+91 9600226660
Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu
linkedin.com/in/krishpranav
https://krishpranav.github.io/#
SUMMARY
I have 7 years of experience in software development in different technologies. I have professional
experience in mobile application development using Flutter, Swift pogromming languages and publishing
it to AppStore. I follow the UI/UX designs to keep it pixel perfect to make it intuitive user experiences.
Experience in building REST-API's, Micro Services, Frameworks, SDKS using many languages such as
golang, dotntet & rust.
I also worked as a Ethical Hacker.
I architect mobile application as per the industry followed design patterns to make it robust, reusable and
testing independently. I implement design patterns such as MVC, MVVM patterns based on the complexity
of the application as best practices which helps in easy code management and better coordination on a
team based development.
i have hands-on experience using firebase and mongodb.
I comply with agile based development approaches to keep the development process on track and follow
strict on deliverables as per the communicated schedule
I am self motivated & strong developer, working for excellent results!
SKILLS
Flutter
Rust
Golang
Python
Python
ML/AI
Dotnet
WORK EXPERIENCE
Salespanda Feb 2020 - Present
Mid-Senior Flutter Mobile Application Developer
Worked in various postitions junior & mid-senior levels in one company.
App Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.salespandadm.app
Digital Dukaan Sep 2022 - Jan 2023
Flutter Developer
Worked as a flutter developer freelancer, it is an online business & digital marketting automation
application
App Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.digitaldukaan.app
Connekt Feb 2023 - Present
Mid-Senior Level Flutter Developer
Worked in building a digital marketting  app for HDFC Mutual Fund.
App Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hdfcmf.app
LegalTrustNetwork(LTN) Apr 2023 - Present
Lead Full Stack Mobile Application Developer(Flutter, Golang)
Worked as a lead full stack mobile application developer at a company called legaltrustnetwork, where
they manages the court cases, building an user friendly app which gives connection between the user and
the advocat.
f ll
l
li
d
li
i
www.resumekraft.com
LegalTrustNetwork(LTN) Apr 2023 - Present
Worked as a lead full stack mobile application developer at a company called legaltrustnetwork, where
they manages the court cases, building an user friendly app which gives connection between the user and
the advocat.
fully legealized application
Link: https://legaltrustnetwork.com/#/
Platforms: Cross-Platform(web, mobile, desktop)
NDA(Not Preffered To Tell) Jan 2023 - Mar 2023
Security Engineer
Worked as security engineer building bootkits, and many other tools for web-space worked in with
contract
Rust, Solidity May 2023 - Present
Blockchain Developer
Developing smart contracts and distributed applications
NDA May 2020 - Dec 2020
Dotnet: Bug Fixer
helped on one of my friends microservice platform dotnet.
OPEN-SOURCE PROJECTS
Operating System - C/C++
pranaOS
Operating System Built For x86 & arm architecutre
Link: https://github.com/pranaOS/pranaOS
Unix Operating System - Golang
vulture
Unix Operating System Built Using Golang
Link:https://github.com/vultureOS/vulture
Powerfull Full-Stack Web Framework - Golang
godzilla
Full-Stack Framework Built Using Golang
Link: github.com/godzillaframework/godzilla
Smart-Contract Language - Golang
smartnano
Built a framework that powers the development of smart-contracts & supports transactions
Github: https://github.com/NanoOfficial/smartnano
Cloud Platform - Golang
nanocloud
Self-Hosting Cloud Service For Building Decentralised Games/Applications
**STILL IN WORK**
Github: https://github.com/NanoOfficial/nanocloud
Decentralised Microservice Framework - Golang
micronano
Decentralized Microservice Framework Built For Go
Github: https://github.com/NanoOfficial/micronano
Web Framework - Rust
kingkong
Web Framework Built Using Rust
Link: https://github.com/kingkongofficial/kingkong
www.resumekraft.com
p
g
Web Framework - Rust
kingkong
Web Framework Built Using Rust
Link: https://github.com/kingkongofficial/kingkong
Rust + Flutter Embedder
rusty_flutter
A Simple Rust + Flutter Embedder Engine
Link: https://github.com/krishpranav/rustyflutter
Decentralised database build using rustlang https://github.com/NanoOfficial/nanodb
nanodb
Full Stack Web Application Framework Built Using Rust
https://github.com/NanoOfficial/nanostack
nanostack
Smart Contract Language Similar To Solidity Built Using Rust
https://github.com/NanoOfficial/nanolang
nanolang
Bitcoin Wallet - Flutter
now_btc_wallet
Bitcoin Transaction Wallet Built For Mobile Applications
** STILL IN DEVELOPMENT**
Link: https://github.com/now-wallet/now_btc_wallet
EDUCATION
Nachimuthu Polytechnic Collage Jun 2019 - Apr 2023
ECE
ECE at NPT
LANGUAGES
English
Tamil
Tamil
www.resumekraft.com

PROJECTS
ABOUT ME
Hardworking and passionate Full Stack Web
Developer proficient in front-end and back-end
technologies such as React, Redux and nodejs.
Hands-on experience of working on projects both
in collaboration as well as individual capacity,
eager to secure a web development role in an IT
company and deliver assigned responsibilities
with utmost sincerity.
SOFT SKILLS
Problem-Solving
Time Management
Teamwork
Remote Collaboration
Mentorship
SKILLS & FRAMEWORKS
Data Structure & Algorithm
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
React
node.js
Git
Express
CERTIFICATIONS
Ethical Hacking from Kyrion at IIT Delhi
Web Development for Beginners from
Codekaro
Master Diploma in Computer Information &
System Management from Web Net Infotech
Pvt Ltd
Rampukar Yadav
Full Stack Web Developer
rampukaryadav073@gmail.com
github.com/Imaryan08
linkedin.com/in/rampukaryadav
New Delhi, India
https://rampukaryadav.vercel.app
+91-9643579827
EXPERIENCE
Masai School - Nolan Edtech Private Limited
Instructional Associate 
May 2022 - Feb 2023, Bengaluru
Responsible for mentoring over 70 students for all
technical queries through Daily Standup.
Conducting Assessments for periodic evaluations.
Facilitated office hours or problem-solving classes.
Amazon Prime Video - Clone
A web application (OTT platform) for movies and TV shows.
Sign-in/Sign-up using local-storage
User authentication
Payment method
Features:
Built Home page, Payment page, Signup, and Sign-in page.
Leading the Team
Areas of Responsibility:
Tech Stack: HTML | CSS | JavaScript | Bootstrap
A collaborative project developed by a team of 4 in 4 days.
Blinkit/Grofers - Clone
A web application to buy grocery items.
Location-based stores
User authentication
Sign-in/Sign-up page
Features:
Built Product page, Navbar, and Payment page. 
Leading the Team and managing Git-repository
Areas of Responsibility:
Tech Stack: HTML | CSS | JavaScript | Bootstrap
A collaborative project developed by a team of 4 in 4 days.
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
Full Stack Web Development 
Masai School
Dec 2021 - May 2022, Bengaluru
B.Tech - Computer Science Engineering
International Institute of Technology & Management
Jun 2014 - May 2018 ,Haryana
A self-ordering kiosk can be employed as a self-service
food ordering system wherein the customers can place
an order directly at the kiosk
Products appear on click
Cart Page
Payment method
Features:
Tech Stack: HTML | CSS | JavaScript | Bootstrap
Restro-Self-Kiosk

07403122653
Ninargamble@gmail.com
Nina Gamble
SKILLS
Filmmaking BA graduate with a passion for post production, specifically editing.
I have a strong interest in current affairs. I am also interested in the role
that social media and the media plays in modern life. Within my work I have
focus on queer culture, feminist issues and fashion. This focus takes the form
of the experimental genre, however I have also branched into documentary. Having
worked in retail and customer based roles since the age of 16 I have a
disciplined work ethic, working both independently and within a group setting.
EXPERIENCE
GOE Wellness, London — Video Editor / Social Media Assistant
July 2022 - February 2023
As a video editor my responsibilities include: editing videos for our wellness
platform (such as workout routines and meditation guides), producing and
publishing content for our social media platforms, and assisting our marketing
team in social media strategy. As a social media assistant I supported the
marketing team in running social media accounts and solely ran the company
TikTok. I would produce, publish and schedule content in line with events and
product launches, to bring in a larger audience to the growing company.
Giulio Fashion, London— Customer Assistant
August 2021 - January 2022
During this time I worked closely with individual clients, catering the
shopping experience to each one. My role included styling and choosing pieces
from the newest luxury brand collections to present, whilst building a strong
relationship with each client to learn their likes and dislikes.
Polyesterzine, London — Social Media Assistant
October 2020 - November 2020
During this time I worked with PolyesterZine to help them get started using
the social media platform TikTok, and carry over the content from other
platforms. Within this I edited videos, planned content uploads and reviewed
what was getting the most engagement on TikTok.
EDUCATION
Kingston School of Art, Kingston — Filmmaking BA
September 2019 - May 2022
During my filmmaking degree at Kingston School of art I have developed skills
in all aspects of the filmmaking process from pre production to post
production. Taking on varying roles across my three years of studies I gained
a specific interest in the editing process and began to take professional
focus on this role within my projects. I aim to start a career allowing me to
hone in on the pre production skills I have developed and grow
professionally. I also gained massive experience in sound recording including
interviews and foley which helped me in my editing and sound
Showreel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yL60HebLoQk&ab_channel=NinaGamble
SKILLS
 -Competent with Microsoft Office and Apple MAC software
 -Competent with Adobe Premiere pro and Audition
 -Competent with varied sound recording equipment and procedures
 -Competent with social media backend navigation and planning

Ajith H P 
Python Developer 
A creative thinker, adept in software development and working with various data structures. Able to
eﬀectively self-manage during independent projects, as well as collaborate in a team setting. Known
for increasing productivity and relieving workload of managerial staﬀ. 
vikasajith3@gmail.com 
8971842084 
Bengaluru, India 
linkedin.com/in/ajith-hp 
github.com/ajithhp16 
SKILLS 
Python 
SQL 
Oracle DB 
MySQL 
Unix Scripting (Basics) 
GitHub 
GIT 
JIRA 
Web Scraping 
Automation 
LANGUAGES 
English 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
Kannada 
Native or Bilingual Proﬁciency 
INTERESTS 
Chess 
Cricket 
Travel Enthusiast 
EDUCATION 
Bachelor's in Engineering 
MVJ College of Engineering 
08/2016 - 08/2020,  
7.13 CGPA 
Intermediate 
St. Francis Composite PU College 
06/2015 - 05/2016,  
87.83 Percentage 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Senior Software Engineer 
Subex Limited 
10/2021 - 09/2022,  
Bengaluru, India 
Got Opportunity to work in Subex's ﬁrst banking project i.e., Steward Bank Revenue
Assurance Project. 
Contributed to sprint planning, prioritizing backlogs to meet new demands. 
Evaluated project requirements, identiﬁed challenges and proposed alternatives using research
and data. 
Worked on development of decoder for each source to load data into database and develop
reconciliation between the sources based on customer requirement. Deployment of developed
tasks into production pipeline. 
Handled 80% of UAT with customer during shortfall of OSE (On-Site Engineer). 
Training new joiners to get hold of the modules in Revenue Assurance product. 
Software Engineer 
Subex Limited 
09/2020 - 09/2021,  
Bengaluru, India 
By handling all development tasks, customer UAT and clariﬁcations, solely responsible for
success of 'Mobifone Revenue Assurance' POC. 
Worked on development of decoders that aid in storing data into Oracle database. 
Worked on development of reconciliations between various sources. For example, Intelligent
System (IS) Versus Mobile Switching Centre (MSC). 
PERSONAL PROJECTS 
Library Management System (03/2023 - 03/2023) 
https://github.com/ajithhp16/Library-Management-System.git 
Developed using Python and MySQL 
Web Scraping using Python BeautifulSoup Framework (03/2023 - 03/2023) 
ACHIEVEMENTS 
National Level Sixth Rank in Mathematics Talent Search Examination
 (08/2013 - 02/2014) 
Third Topper of School in 10th Standard Examination with 87.84 Percentage
 (06/2013 - 05/2014) 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 

Aditya Sharma 
Developer 
Quest to work in a professional atmosphere that will help me to impart knowledge in the Technical world by virtue of my sincerity and
dedication. To know more about me, visit my portfolio. 
adityasharma07281@gmail.com 
8740011761 
Jaipur, India 
adityas-sharma.netlify.app/ 
github.com/adityasharma28 
EDUCATION 
Bachelor of Engineering 
BIT MESRA 
07/2017 - 06/2021,  
GPA:- 7.12/10 
Computer Science and
Engineering 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Full Stack Developer 
ThirdEye Data 
12/2022 - Present,  
My role is to write API, update DB and creating changes in
both Android and IOS apps 
My Tech Stack :- Django, React, Cordova, JS, HTML, CSS 
Full Stack Developer 
Mahindra Logistics 
07/2021 - 12/2022,  
Working on 3rd party payroll of Appture Technology. 
Worked on React, Node.js, Django projects, completed total
3 projects with Mahindra Logistics. 
1. BA Portal (Backend was in Node.js and I have created API
and made changes in backend) 2. Complaints Management
(A portal for users complaints frontend was in react and
backend was in Node.js, I designed the whole database as
well) 3. User Management Portal (Front End was in Angular
and backend was in Django) 
Software Developer Internship 
MAQ Software 
01/2021 - 07/2021,  
Worked on 2 projects. 1. Front End React application 2.
Services Hub (Node.js Application) my role to ﬁx the API that
were failing. 
Software Developer Intern 
Alleviate Technology 
07/2019 - 12/2020,  
Worked on React, Node.js, Django projects, Total projects
completed:- 2. 
SKILLS 
React 
OOPS 
Azure 
Python 
Web Devlopment 
Node js 
Javascript 
MongoDb 
Django 
Git 
Cordova 
PERSONAL PROJECTS 
Self Driving Car (07/2019 - 06/2020) 
In this project, I have written and implemented a controller for the
CARLA simulator. The goal is to control the vehicle to follow a race
track by navigating through preset waypoints. 
Portfolio and Other Projects 
Sharma Ji | Developer 
CERTIFICATES AND PUBLICATION 
Self Driving Car (08/2021 - Present) 
I have published my paper in INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF CURRENT
ENGINEERING AND SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH (IJCESR), It was a review
paper. Paper link :- http://troindia.in/journal/ijcesr/vol8iss8/77-81.pdf 
LANGUAGES 
English 
Full Professional Proﬁciency 
Hindi 
Native or Bilingual Proﬁciency 
Courses 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 
Achievements/Tasks 


Experience
Silpo (Fozzy Group, retail)
Internal Communications & 
motivational project 
manager
2020-2022
Worked with the HR and Marketing teams to develop ideas, 
channels, content, designs, events, and approval 
processes. Devised and delivered communication plans 
and strategies utilizing a mix of digital channels. Managed 
the corporate social media channels, company news digest 
(email), and internal TV.
Created and managed internal motivational projects (offline 
and online) for more than 40,000 employees, including 
budgeting.
Freelance
SMM / Content creator
2022
Created relevant, engaging content for clients' social media 
channels. Made a list of tips for the self-management of 
social media for new businesses and recommendations for 
fun content for Instagram stories, reels, and TikTok.
Pivna Duma (Restaurant 
with brewery, Kyiv)
hostess / waitress / 
administrator
2017-2020
Created unforgettable positive customer service. 
Greeted and seated guests, and presented menus and 
specials. Leaded hostess team and created a schedule for 
the team.
Iryna Yatsiuk
LIVERPOOL, UK
irarayatsiuk@gmail.com
Education
National Pedagogical Dragomanov University
Master of Sociology of Communications
National Pedagogical Dragomanov University
Bachelor of Sociology
Courses
Projector Institute
Web design beginning
Coursera
Creative Writing: The Craft of Plot
LITOSVITA (Kyiv)
One-year creative writing course 
Volunteering
ikla.mag
Creative editor, journalist (Ukrainian digital media)
Volunteer in the support service of employees during the war
Silpo (Fozzy Group, retail)
YouthDay festival in Kyiv
Event manager YouthDay festival
Volunteer ambassador of Eurovision 2017
Eurovision
Languages
Ukrainian
Russian
English
Skills
copywriting
smm
figma
SAP
Slack
canva
Self-motivation
Other Coming Very Soon
Adaptability
Creativity
Project/campaign management
Data analytics
Customer service
Tiktik
Traditional & digital marketing
Collaboration
Get in touch

1 
 
Pratibha Rani 
 
Email: ranipratibha@gmail.com 
Contact: 9347324583 
 
ACADEMIC PROFILE 
Ph.D. in Computer Science & Engineering, International Institute of 
Information Technology (IIIT Hyderabad), Hyderabad, Telangana 
  Cumulative GPA: 9.13 
March 2021  
MS by Research in Computer Science & Engineering, International Institute 
of Information Technology (IIIT Hyderabad), Hyderabad, Telangana 
  Cumulative GPA: 9.0 
March 2009  
B.Sc.(Engg.) in Computer Science & Engineering - Magadh University, Bodhgaya, 
Maulana Azad College of Engineering & Technology, Patna, Bihar 
  Aggregate Percentage for 4 years: 79.08%, above 70% in each year 
December 2004 
SOFTWARE SKILLS 
C, C++, Git, HTML, Jenkins, Jupyter Notebook, Kubernetes, LabelImg, Latex, Linux, Matlab, Matplotlib, 
MongoDB, MySQL, NLTK, NumPy, OpenCV, Pandas, Perl, PHP, PIL, Pycharm, Pytest, Python, Scikit-
learn, Shell, SQL, StanfordNLP, Visual Studio Code, Weka 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
  Feb'20 - March'23: Research Engineer 2, Blaize, Hyderabad 
Task: Worked with research and development team in projects involving NLP and Computer Vision. 
  Oct'18 - March'21: Research Assistant, Data Sciences and Analytics Center, IIIT-H 
Task: Mentoring the project students on various Data Mining topics. 
  Jan'16 - Sep'18: Research Assistant in Computational Core for Plant Metabolomics project, Data 
Sciences and Analytics Center, IIIT-H 
Task: Mentored the project development team. 
  Jan'11 - Dec'15: Research Assistant, Language Technologies Research Center, IIIT-H 
Task: Worked in ILMT Treebank project with data preparation and data validation team. 
  Dec'09 - Dec'10: Research Assistant, Infosys SETLabs project, Center for Data Engineering, IIIT-H 
Task: Worked with the development team for healthcare document mining. 
  Aug'09 - Dec'09: Teaching Assistant, Database Systems course, IIIT-H 
  Dec'06 - March'09: Research Assistant, Center for Data Engineering, IIIT-H 
Task: Worked in Data Mining for Bioinformatics application group. 
  July'07 - Dec'07: Teaching Assistant, Numerical Analysis course, IIIT-H 
PROJECTS 
➢ Road Sign Detection (Blaize): In this project a Deep Learning based detection model was created 
using PyTorch, LabelImg and Python Image libraries as the working tools for detecting road signs 
2 
from images. I handled the data creation annotation maintenance and model performance 
evaluation and documentation tasks and also contributed to the model working code creation. 
➢ License Plate Detection (Blaize): This project created a Deep Learning based detection model for 
identifying license plates from image data. Python Image libraries and PyTorch were the main tools 
used. I handled the data creation annotation maintenance and model performance evaluation and 
documentation tasks and was part of working tool code creation team. 
➢ Face Sentiment Detection (Blaize): This project created a Deep Learning based detection model 
for identifying emotions from human faces present in the image data. Python Image libraries and 
Pytorch were the main tools used. I handled the data creation annotation maintenance and model 
performance evaluation and documentation tasks. 
➢ Automated Text Annotation Tool (Blaize): This project aimed at making a GUI to be used as an 
annotation tool which can give annotation label suggestions for the text entered by the user based 
on existing annotated data. Python and BERT based finetuned model were the main tools of this 
project. I was involved in the data creation annotation maintenance, model performance evaluation, 
final working code delivery and documentation tasks. 
➢ Smart Chat Agent (Blaize): This project involved making an NLP and ML based chat agent which 
can understand user intention from his query text and guide him with dynamic recommendations 
and answers related to his generic and Blaize Studio related queries. It used Python, Git, Jenkins, 
Kubernetes, NLTK, MongoDB, BERT based finetuned model for making the tool to be integrated with 
the Blaize Studio project. I was responsible for the data creation annotation maintenance, model 
performance evaluation and documentation tasks and was part of the final working code delivery 
team. 
➢ Computational Core for Plant Metabolomics (sponsored by DBT, Govt. of India): This project 
developed a web-based platform called Computational Core for Plant Metabolomics (CCPM) to cater 
to the need of a collaborative platform for the storage, analysis and sharing of metabolomics data 
produced by researchers of this field. Web2py, HTML5, SQLite, R and MySQL are some of the 
implementation technologies used. (Paper link) 
➢ Extracting knowledge from medical journals (Infosys SETLabs project): This project 
developed methods for automatic extraction of useful knowledge from the medical journal 
documents which were unstructured in format. Mainly Unstructured Information Management 
Architecture (UIMA), Eclipse, MySQL and Perl were used for implementation. The final product of the 
project was patented by Infosys SETLabs. (Paper link) 
➢ Pro Kabbadi League Hackathon (organized by UpGrad in September 2019): Made models using 
data cleaning, filtering and analytical concepts to predict various outcomes at the end of Pro 
Kabaddi league tournament 2019. (Submitted solution link at Github) 
➢ Data Scientist Hiring Challenge (organized by HackerEarth in June 2019): Built Naive Bayesian 
model to classify product samples into product categories using their numeric and textual features 
and handling data sparsity problem while building model. 
➢ Study of Classification and Clustering problems in NLP: This project investigated various NLP 
tasks and the challenges involved with them which can be solved using classification and clustering 
methods of ML. 
➢ Study of Convolution Neural Network: This project studied CNN as a classifier as well as a 
dimensionality reduction tool and compared its properties with other classifiers and dimensionality 
reduction methods. 
➢ Performance of Pattern Recognition algorithms on various datasets: This project studied 
performance of various ML algorithms for the task of finding patterns from various datasets. 
➢ Data Cube Analytics: This project focused on finding measures to compare different cuboids of a 
data cube on the basis of information stored in them. 
➢ Data Mining using Hadoop cloud: The project implemented MapReduce version of SPRINT and 
Linear discriminant function-based classification algorithms using Hadoop cloud framework. 
3 
➢ Finding Emerging Communities in Web: Cyber communities are groups of content creators 
sharing common interest. The aim of this project was to locate such emerging implicit communities 
using graph theoretic approach. The implementation was done in Perl and MySQL. 
➢ Statistical Approach to Clustering: This project explored the non-parametric approach of finding 
clusters, which does not require assuming number of clusters. The proposed method first finds seed 
clusters using the statistical distribution and then merges them using shared nearest neighbor 
approach to obtain the final cluster set. The implementation was done using Matlab. 
➢ Study of Correlation between Organizational Roles and Search Queries: This project found 
correlation between user's role and their search queries in an intranet environment using association 
rule mining method from intranet log data. The implementation was done in Perl and MySQL. 
➢ Mining Chess dataset to test the existence of a frequent pattern of moves in the games won by 
player playing with white pieces. The implementation was done in Perl and Shell. 
PHD THESIS 
Title: Associative Context Classification in Natural Language Processing of Resource-poor 
Languages 
Advisers: Dr. Vikram Pudi, Dr. Dipti Misra Sharma 
In this research work we found generic methods for Natural Language Processing (NLP) tasks without 
using domain knowledge and domain resources for resource-poor languages. We developed semi-
supervised Data Mining methods using less/moderate size annotated data and proposed Context Based 
List (CBL) concept that groups items of some specific context. Using this concept, we developed novel 
associative context classification method and used it for part-of-speech tagging (POS tagging) and word 
sense disambiguation (WSD) NLP tasks. Python was used for implementing the thesis work. 
MS THESIS 
Title: Novel Bayesian Sequence Classifiers Applied on Biological Sequences 
Adviser: Dr. Vikram Pudi 
In this thesis we studied the biological data analysis problem of predicting the family of a newly 
discovered sequence and presented two data mining based generic solutions: RBNBC and REBMEC. 
These supervised classifiers did not use domain knowledge but performed comparable to the existing 
probabilistic bio-sequence classifiers and can be applied to other domains. Thesis tasks were 
implemented in Perl language. 
ADVANCED COURSES TAKEN 
  Data Warehousing & Data Mining, Web Data & Knowledge Management, 
  Information Retrieval & Extraction, Cloud Computing, Data Compression 
  Pattern Recognition, Machine Learning, Artificial Neural Networks 
  Coursera Deep Learning Specialization courses on Convolutional Neural Networks 
  Coursera Deep Learning Specialization courses on Sequence Models 
  Python for Data Science, AI & Development course of Coursera 
  Git Essential Training course on LinkedIn Learning 
  Advanced AI: Transformers for Computer Vision course on LinkedIn Learning 
  Natural Language Processing with PyTorch course on LinkedIn Learning 
  TensorFlow: working with NLP course on LinkedIn Learning 
OTHER ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS 
4 
  Participated and volunteered in organizing BDA 2017 conference at IIIT Hyderabad. 
  Presented research papers in COMAD 2008, DSAA 2014 and ICON 2017 conferences. 
  Attended COMAD 2006, PAKDD 2010, ICON 2014 and VLDB 2016 conferences. 
  Conducted workshop on Data Mining for final year BTech (CSE) students in SVIT College, 
Secunderabad on 28 October 2016. 
  Received travel and registration grant from VLDB'16 conference organizing committee for attending 
VLDB'16 conference at Delhi, India in September 2016. 
  Received Google Travel Grant of RS 90,000 in September 2014 to present paper in DSAA'14 
conference in Shanghai, China. 
  Participated in R&D showcase 2008-2010 and 2015-2019 at IIIT Hyderabad. 
Ranked 1st among girls in the state in 10th board exam. 
PUBLICATIONS 
1. Pratibha Rani, Vikram Pudi. RBNBC: Repeat Based Naïve Bayes Classifier for Biological Sequences. In 
proc. of 8th IEEE International Conference on Data Mining (ICDM 2008), pp 989-994, 
December 2008. 
2. Pratibha Rani, Vikram Pudi. REBMEC: Repeat Based Maximum Entropy Classifier for Biological 
Sequences. In proc. of 14th International Conference on Management of Data (COMAD 
2008), pp 71-82, December 2008. 
3. Pratibha Rani, Vikram Pudi. Classification of Biological Sequences. In Pattern Discovery Using 
Sequence Data Mining: Applications and Studies, pp 111-135, IGI Global, 2012. 
4. Pratibha Rani, Raghunath Reddy, Devika Mathur, Subhadip Bandyopadhyay, Arijit Laha. 
Compositional Information Extraction Methodology from Medical Reports. In proc. of 16th 
International Conference on Database Systems for Advanced Applications (DASFAA 
2011), Proceedings, Part II, pp 400-412, April 2011. 
5. Pratibha Rani, Vikram Pudi, Dipti Misra Sharma. TagMiner: A Semisupervised Associative POS Tagger 
Effective for Resource Poor Languages. In proc. of Workshop on Interactions between Data 
Mining and Natural Language Processing (DMNLP'14 @ ECML/PKDD 2014), pp 113-128, 
September 2014. 
6. Pratibha Rani, Vikram Pudi, Dipti Misra Sharma. A Semisupervised Associative Classification Method 
for POS Tagging. In proc. of 2014 International Conference on Data Science and Advanced 
Analytics (DSAA 2014), pp 156-162, October 2014. 
7. Pratibha Rani, Vikram Pudi, Dipti Misra Sharma. A semi-supervised associative classification method 
for POS tagging. International Journal of Data Science and Analytics, Volume 1, Issue 2, pp 
123-136, doi:10.1007/s41060-016-0010-5, Springer International Publishing, July 2016. 
8. Pratibha Rani, Vikram Pudi, Dipti Misra Sharma. Semisupervised Data Driven Word Sense 
Disambiguation for Resource-poor Languages. In proc. of the 14th International Conference on 
Natural Language Processing (ICON 2017), pp 503-512, December 2017. 
9. Vikram Pudi, Pratibha Rani, Abhijit Mitra, and Indira Ghosh. Computational Core for Plant 
Metabolomics: A Case for Interdisciplinary Research. In proc. of 2017 International Conference 
on Big Data Analytics (BDA 2017), pp. 223-234. Springer, Cham, December 2017. 
 
5 
10. Sreya Mittal and Pratibha Rani. RUSSE2018: Word Sense Induction And Disambiguation Method 
Based On Context-Based Lists. In proc. of RUSSE2018: A Shared Task on Word Sense 
Induction for the Russian Language@DIALOGUE 2018, June 2018. 
11. Vamshi Krishna Reddy G, Pratibha Rani, Vikram Pudi and Dipti Misra Sharma. Decision Tree 
Ensemble for Parts-of-Speech Tagging of Resource-poor Languages. In proc. of Forum for 
Information Retrieval Evaluation 2018 (FIRE 2018), December 2018. 
REFERENCES 
  Dr. Vikram Pudi, Data Sciences and Analytics Center, IIIT Hyderabad, vikram@iiit.ac.in 
  Dr. Dipti Misra Sharma, Language Technologies Research Center, IIIT Hyderabad, dipti@iiit.ac.in 
  Dr. Kamlakar Karlapalem, Data Sciences and Analytics Center, IIIT Hyderabad, kamal@iiit.ac.in 
  Deepak Bijalwan, Blaize, Hyderabad, deepak.bijalwan@blaize.com 
  Arun Kumar Nagisetty, Blaize, Hyderabad, ArunKumar.Nagisetty@blaize.com 
 

Oana Emilia Iacob 
Coventry, UK 
iacobo@uni.coventry.ac.uk | 07749777256 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/oana-iacob-896123200 
 
PERSONAL PROFILE  
Final undergraduate student at Coventry University pursuing a BA in Advertising and Marketing, currently seeking opportunities 
to broaden my knowledge in this field. Having gained significant knowledge in marketing through my studies and activities, keen 
to further develop my experience and build on my previous roles, planning and creating content strategies. Able to work both in a 
team and independently, a well-organised and creative individual who can easily adapt to different situations, demonstrating my 
dedication and passion in my work.  
   
SKILLS  
  
Excellent IT Skills - European Computer Driving License Certificate, Canva, TikTok and Reels editing skills. 
  
Languages - Romanian (native): English (professional fluency); French (beginner);  
  
Social Media Management - I developed these skills while volunteering for an organisation where I managed their social 
networks and promotion techniques, as well as being an intern for an NGO and focusing on increasing their reach.  
  
Communication - By constantly interacting with various people during social activities and work duties I enhanced my 
verbal and written communication. 
  
Creativity - I succeeded to come up with standout ideas while completing academic assignments based on marketing 
strategies.  
  
Flexibility and adaptability - As an international student, I had to quickly adapt to a new lifestyle and get used to the 
online teaching mode as a result of Covid pandemic. 
 
EDUCATION  
COVENTRY UNIVERSITY| BA (Hons) Advertising and Marketing (Predicted grade 2:1) | 202 - Present 
Internationally recognised CIM and EFMD-accredited degree programme, covering business fundamentals, as well as advertising 
and marketing aspects. Marketing Principles, Organising for Business, Applied Advertising and Campaign Management, Marketing 
Communications Strategy.  
Key achievements: Active participant in Collaborative Online International Learning (COIL) project with Bangkok University, 
further developing inter-cultural and collaboration skills;   
 
ALEXANDRU LAHOVARI NATIONAL COLLEGE, ROMANIA | Baccalaureate 9.23 | 2016-2020 
Social Sciences  
Received high school Baccalaureate diploma (Equivalent to GCSE's and A' Levels): Romanian Language and Literature (9.23); 
History (9.45); Logic (8.60). The main field of study: Social Sciences, including English, French, Geography, History, Core Science, 
Arts, Information Technology.  
   
RELEVANT EXPERIENCE    
 
SOCIAL MEDIA OUTREACH INTERN | Free Pads for India | 02/2023- present 
  
Performing research on current trends and audience preferences, always being up-to-date with the information.  
  
Working in a team, succeeding to increase the organisation's number of Instagram followers with 2.5% in one month, 
developing planning and engagement skills. 
  
Collaborating with influencers or organisations to raise awareness about our mission and setting up online meetings, 
gaining management skills. 
  
Responding to enquiries regarding organisation insights or collaborations, demonstrating responsibility and 
communications skills. 
 
ADVERTISING BOARD MEMBER AND VOLUNTEER | Interact Ramnicu-Valcea | 2017-2020  
  
Joined the Advertising Board in 2018-2019, taking the opportunity to plan content strategies and create online posts in 
order to promote the club's social media platforms and services; gained organisation, writing and social media management 
skills and succeeded to grow their audience and improve the reputation.  
  
Coordinated a charity event whilst supervising volunteers' activity and tracking their progress, further building leadership 
and multi-tasking skills.  
  
Developed my ability to speak in public for different audiences by supporting presentations in schools, sharing leaflets, 
and displaying materials at events in public spaces.  
  
Collaborated with volunteers from other cities to manage and organise a national talent contest with participants from all 
counties, learning how to work under pressure and pay attention to detail.  
 
 WORK AND VOLUNTEERING EXPERIENCE  
 
  STUDENT AMBASSADOR | Coventry University Futurelets | 09/2021- present  
  
Greeting visitors with positive energy and enthusiasm, as well as giving accommodation tours for University Open Days, 
demonstrating active communication and listening skills.  
  
Working effectively with reception staff members and other student ambassadors to complete various tasks, resulting in 
positive feedback.  
  
Promoting the accommodations during university fairs, offering support to prospective students, and further becoming 
confident in communicating with people from various backgrounds.   
  
Received positive feedback from visitors and supervisors, and successfully undertaking different duties. 
 
CRAFTING SOCIETY MEMBER | Coventry University Students Union | 10/2021- present  
  
Attending weekly events and being active in creative activities, such as knitting, sculpting, jewellery making.  
  
Enhancing my interpersonal skills by communicating with students from different cultures and backgrounds.  
  
Learning new hobbies and developing them.  
 
SALES ASSISTANT | Nisa retail | 10/2021- 06/2022  
  
Assisted customers with a selection of products and services.   
  
Ensured that customers were satisfied and their needs are being met.  
  
Used communication and listening skills to successfully respond to customers' queries in a professional and friendly 
manner.  
  
Built attractive displays for merchandise to enhance sales and promoted the products, demonstrating creative skills.  
  
Able to communicate possible issues to managers or colleagues with tact and efficiency.  
   
PROJECTS  
Marketing Campaign Planning and Designing | Coventry University | 04/2022  
  
The project consisted of creating a new clothing brand, by developing and designing a campaign plan. I had to implement 
topics such as: segmentation criteria, communication goals and SMART objectives, strategy and positioning, promotion 
and scheduling. Due to this experience, I developed my skills regarding creativity, design, campaign management, 
teamwork, time management.  
   
ACHIEVEMENTS  
  
Participated in the English Olympics twice in Highschool.   
  
Took part in the CIM'S ‘'The Pitch'' competition.  
  
Participated in an international English summer camp in 2019, I had the chance to improve my social abilities and written 
skills.  
  
Taking dance classes and doing Volleyball in school helped me improve as an individual and it developed my determination 
and sense of community.  
  
Volunteering for a sports association and undertaking relevant duties in my free time in Romania.   
  
Took part in the organisation of “International Equity, Diversity and Inclusion in Higher Education Conference” 2022, 
where I assisted the participants from Europe and USA and developed networking skills. 
  
By completing courses on LinkedIn and FutureLearn, I developed several skills regarding Social Media Marketing 
Strategy, SEO, Creative thinking, Online Video Marketing, Video editing, Google Analytics.   
 
HOBBIES AND INTERESTS  
  
Passionate about social media and digital field, currently active on the most popular platforms and always up to date with 
the trends. I succeeded to become viral on TikTok with one of my videos, having over 200K views and 50K likes, by using 
appropriate hashtags and following the trends. 
  
Practicing snowboarding enhanced my tenacity and courage and it is a good way to relax and exercise. 
  
Excited about travelling, recently accepted a position through Worldpackers program and going to volunteer for a    
guesthouse and restaurant in Portugal for one month. 

Bhaumik Tandan
 (+91)-8604616679
|
 bhaumik.tandan@gmail.com
|
 Bhaumik-Tandan
|
 bhaumik-tandan
Education
Vellore Institute of Technology
Vellore, India
BACHELORS OF TECHNOLOGY iN INFORMATiON TECHNOLOGY
JULY 2019‑Present
  Developed Interest in Web Development
  Explored domains like machine learning,data science and database management system
Work Experience
SnappiTech
Work From Home
MERN STACK DEVELOPER
January 2021‑October 2021
  ReactJS
  NodeJS
  AWS Piperline
Appleute
Work From Home
SOFTWARE ENGiNEER INTERN
October 2021‑Mach 2022
  Betra Project
Appleute
Work From Home
SOFTWARE DEVELOPER ENGiNEER‑1
April 2022‑Present
  Puma‑Catchup React Native App
Skills
Programing Languages
Python, Java, JavaScript, Ruby, C, C++
Technology Explored
Django, NodeJs, React, ReactJs, Android Studio, Git, Linux, ExpressJs, SQL, MongoDB, Numpy, Pandas, AWS S3, React Native
Projects
E‑commerce website Django
  A e‑commerce website for a sweet shop.
  It uses SqlLite for Database connectivity.
  Has a fully functional cart developed using localstorage functionality in js.
Inventory Management System using SQL with PL‑SQL
  Made ER diagram and Relational diagram using yED
  Used the concept of primary key and foreign key
  Have written nested queries as well as using join operation
  Used nvl having and group by claus
  Used the concept of triggers, procedures and functions in PL‑SQL
Online Compiler and site hosting service in MERN stack
  Users can run their HTML, JS and CSS codes and watch the preview of it
  Uses AceEditor to beutify and autocomplete the code
  Can host the site generated instatly through hash routing in react
  Can run the cods of all programming languges mentioned in skills section

Kapil Sharma
Software Development 
Engineer 2
kapilsharmakvs65@gmail.com
9758719814
kharar, Punjab
Education
B.Tech Computer Science, 
Chandigarh Engineering College
06/2015 - 07/2019 | Mohali, India
8.4 CGPA
Projects
Ledger Migration Service, Tide Banking
05/2021 - 05/2022
 Migrated the data of a monolithic system to a 
microservice ledger which impacted 
1000000 transactions.
Visitor Management System, Epam Systems
07/2020 - 10/2020
 The visitor Management System is used to 
keep track of visitors, invite
visitors and generate a Visitor ID for the visitor 
in an organization.
 This helps the organization to streamline the 
process for 5000 visitors per day.
Feedback portal, Epam Systems
09/2019 - 07/2020
 Trainers can give their valuable feedback to 
the employee and PM and other higher 
authorities can view those feedback. 
 This helps 500 new hires and their trainers to 
give and manage feedback.
OutCenter Automation System, 
Amity Software
01/2019 - 09/2019
 This is an Android app for a weighing system 
in which a person can scan the receipt of the 
farmer and do the weight of his crop and 
provide the receipt of the weight to the 
farmer.
 50 factories and 50000 farmers got impacted.
Professional Experience
Software Development Enginner 2, 
Fabric.inc
05/2022 - present | Hyderabad, India
 Created LLD and HLD for Support 
automation which can reduce 100 support 
tickets shortly.
 Added Bigcommerce as a third-party 
platform in the marketplace that helps to 
onboard 5000 customers.
 Added payment functionality for vendors 
which impacted 10000 customers.
Software Development Engineer 2, 
Tide Banking
05/2021 - 05/2022 | Hyderabad, India
 Worked on the microservices Architecture 
with Java and spring boot for the Alpha 
version of the Tide Banking app for India 
launch targeting 500 customers.
 2500 Alpha Tide customers/members 
impacted by migrating data from monolithic 
to microservices.
 Fetch data from the Partner bank to enrich 
the data and store it in the ledger which 
impacted 1000000 transactions on daily 
basis.
Software Engineer, Epam Systems
09/2019 - 05/2021 | Hyderabad, India
 Worked For MasterCard as Contingent 
Worker with Java tech stack.
 Reduce time of managing visitors in the 
Company by creating a VisitorsWeb Portal 
which helped to manage 5000 visitors a day.
Programmer Intern, Amity Software
01/2019 - 09/2019 | Noida, India
 Reduced time of doing weight Management 
by creating Outcenter Automation and which 
is to handle 500000 farmers' data and used 
50 factory daily in the sugarcane season.
Skills
Data Structure and Algorithms, Java, 
Spring boot, Mysql, Microservices, AWS SQS, 
python, django
Certificates
AWS Cloud Badge
Microsoft Azure Fundamentals Certified

 
 
 
 
 
 
OBJECTIVE 
 
Hastak Desai 
Contact No: +91 70412 92196 
Email address: desaihastak2406@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/hastak-desai 
 
Seeking an organization offering good opportunities for career growth where I can use my experience, 
engineering skills, and knowledge in practice and develop myself along with the development of the 
organization. Willing to work as a key player in a challenging and creative environment. 
 
SKILLS 
 
 
Area of Interest 
Full stack Developer 
Frontend Technologies 
Backend Technologies 
Languages 
 HTML 
 CSS 
 Javascript 
 Typescript 
 Python 
Frameworks/ Libraries 
 React 
 React-Redux 
 Tailwind CSS 
 MUI 
 Django 
 DjangoREST 
 
Other Packages/ Tools/ 
Technologies Known 
 Git 
 GitHub 
 Jira 
 Django Scheduler 
 Django ORM with MySQL 
 Cron Jobs 
 RabbitMQ 
 Redis 
 Postman 
 Docker 
 Docker Compose 
 Kubernetes 
 Skaffold 
 AWS 
 
SUMMARY 
 Have 1.5+ years of industry experience in developing responsive and dynamic web applications using front-
end technologies such as HTML, CSS, TypeScript, JavaScript, React, React-Redux, MUI, and Tailwind CSS. 
 Strong programming skills, especially with python. 
 Proficient in back-end development using Django, DjangoREST, and Django ORM with MySQL, and 
knowledgeable in containerization using Docker, Kubernetes, Skaffold, and Docker Compose. 
 Familiar with various tools including Django Scheduler, Cron Jobs, RabbitMQ, Redis, Postman, and AWS 
infrastructure maintenance and improvement. 
 Utilizes Git and GitHub for version control and collaborating with cross-functional teams, and manages 
project tasks and timelines using JIRA. 
 
 
 
 
EXPERIENCE 
 
 
F(x) Data Labs PVT LTD. 
Software Engineer 
Jan 2022 to Apr 2023 
(Includes 6 months 
internship from JAN 2022 
to JUN 2022) 
 Developed responsive and dynamic web applications using a range of front-end 
technologies including HTML, CSS, TypeScript, JavaScript, React, React-Redux, MUI, 
and Tailwind CSS, combined with the power of back-end development using 
Django and DjangoREST. 
 Proficient in Django Scheduler, Cron Jobs, RabbitMQ, and Redis, utilizing these 
tools to schedule and manage tasks, efficiently handle messages and events, and 
optimize performance. 
 Gained experience in containerization by working with Docker, Kubernetes, 
Skaffold, and Docker Compose for development and deployment purposes. 
 Contributed to the maintenance and improvement of AWS infrastructure, making 
bug fixes and minor changes as needed, while ensuring scalability, security, and 
reliability of the cloud infrastructure. 
 Leveraged Django ORM with MySQL to efficiently manage data models and interact 
with databases, optimizing performance and ensuring data integrity. 
 Demonstrated proficiency in utilizing the Postman tool to effectively test and 
validate REST APIs, ensuring optimal communication between front-end and back-
end systems. 
 Worked with cross-functional teams to design, develop, and deploy web 
applications. 
 Conducted code reviews and provided feedback to team members. 
 Proficient in version control using Git, including various features for managing 
source code and collaborating with team members, and experienced in using 
GitHub as a platform for hosting repositories, managing code reviews, and 
collaborating with other developers. 
 Managed project tasks and timelines using JIRA 
 
 
RECENT PROJECTS 
 
 
Algorithmic 
Cryptocurrency Trading 
Platform 
 As a member of a product development team for company's own product, I have 
been tasked with working on various aspects of the project, including frontend and 
backend development, cryptocurrency data streaming, containerization, and 
deployment. 
 Our main aim is to utilize machine learning algorithms to assist cryptocurrency 
trading for inexperienced individuals, providing an accessible platform that 
simplifies the process for all levels of expertise. 
 Project Technology stack includes:  
 Frontend: Antd Pro, dva, css, Typescript 
 Backend: DjangoREST  
 Data streaming: RabbitMQ 
 Containerization: Docker, Docker Compose, Kubernetes, Skaffold 
 Deployment: GitHub Actions, AWS 
 
AI Cover Letter 
Generator 
 Working on the development of client's project enables users to create customized 
cover letters based on a job listing they have found on LinkedIn. 
 The project aims to streamline the job application process by developing a user-
friendly platform that automatically generates tailored cover letters based on 
specific job requirements, saving users time and increasing their chances of getting 
hired. 
 Integrated Open API and LinkedIn API to enhance the functionality of the 
application 
 Project Technology stack includes:  
 Frontend: React, CSS, MUI 
 Backend: DjangoREST  
 Deployment: GitHub Actions, AWS 
 
 
Financial calculator 
 
 This client project is focused on developing a centralized repayment calculator for 
asset finance brokers, which will require minimal inputs to produce accurate 
results. 
 The calculator will generate an exact repayment amount if all necessary details are 
provided, and a range of repayment amounts if some details are missing. 
 The system will be adaptable to include other types of retail finance in the long 
term. 
 The financier settings will be adjustable, enabling users to make rate changes 
easily. 
 Ultimately, the software will provide an efficient and user-friendly solution for 
stakeholders in the finance process. 
 Project Technology stack includes:  
 Frontend: React, Redux, Tailwind CSS, Typescript 
 
ACHIEVEMENTS & TRAINING 
 Currently doing course ‘Learn React Router 6' on Scrimba. 
 Successfully completed course of ‘Front-End Web UI Frameworks and Tools: Bootstrap 4' from The Hong Kong 
University of science and Technology on Coursera. 
 
EDUCATION 
 
Examination 
College/School 
University/Board 
Month/Year 
Score 
B.E. 
(Computer 
Engineering) 
L. D. College of Engineering, 
Ahmedabad 
Gujarat Technological 
University 
 
May 2022 
 
8.62 CGPA 
Diploma  
(Computer 
Engineering) 
Polytechnic, The Maharaja 
Sayajirao University of 
Baroda, Vadodara 
The Maharaja Sayajirao 
University of Baroda 
 
April 2019 
 
85.6% 
 
SSC 
Raghuvir Vidhya Vihar, 
Ahmedabad 
Gujarat Secondary and Higher 
Secondary Education Board 
 
March 2016 
 
88.17% 
 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DECLARATIONS 
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for 
the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 
 
Hastak Desai 
Date: - 25th April 2023 
Full Name 
: Hastak Arvindbhai Desai 
Date of Birth 
: 24th June 2001 
Languages Known 
: English, Hindi, and Gujarati 
Address 
: A-404, Kavya Residency, Nr. Thakkarbapanagar Canal Road, 
Nava Naroda, Ahmedabad-382350, Gujarat (India) 

WORK EXPERIENCE
Computational Linguist Intern 
Nord A1 [ 22/05/2023 - Current ] 
Country: Sweden 
Main responsibilities: Working on integrating the feature to auto-detect the most important, least important and
ordinary notiﬁcations and messages in an AI-watch.
Activities:-
1. Data Annotation: Accurately label and annotate data based on predeﬁned guidelines for pre-processing for
NLP .
2. Guideline Development: Reﬁne annotation guidelines and improve clarity.
3. Collaboration and Communication: Work closely with the ML team and communicate eﬀectively.
4. Documentation: Maintain records of decisions and issues encountered during the NLP tasks.
5. Feedback and Improvement: Provide feedback to enhance annotation processes.
6. Continuous Learning: Stay updated with linguistic , NLP and annotation techniques.
7. Text cleaning with the help of NLP techniques.
8. Crucial role in creating high-quality labeled datasets for machine learning models.
Computational Linguist(Part-time) 
KomunIKON [ 29/04/2023 - Current ] 
Country: Switzerland 
Responsibilities: Use NLP techniques wherever required, help a team in developing the world's ﬁrst fully
functioning language based on visual icons, collaborate with developers and linguist consultants to produce rule-
based linguistic models and codes that improve the KomunIKON app's ability to eﬀectively suggest an
appropriate vocabulary to users, enabling a motivated retrieval of icons starting from verbal input based on
similarity and other semantic relations using Word-embedding NLP technique. Work with the IT team to
implement ideas in the best way possible and conduct research and stay up-to-date with the latest advancements
in computational linguistics. Provide insights and recommendations on linguistic aspects of the project based on
NLP and Computational Linguistics expertise.
Activity:- Working on generating a feature that automatically identiﬁes the synonyms of the user input and
displays the relevant icon based on the description given in the database. 
NLP Analyst 
Service Pack Software Technologies Private Limited India [ 01/02/2023 - 01/05/2023 ] 
City: Hyderabad 
Country: India 
1.Responsibilities:- NLP Models and Techniques using NLTK, , Reinforcement learning, AI solution, Data
annotation, Transcription, Diarization, Data preparation, Data Analysis, Group-work, Machine learning Models,
Artiﬁcial Intelligence, Quality assurance, Speech analysis, etc.
Ryan Gilbert 
Nationality: Indian  Date of birth: 26/12/1999  Gender: Male  
 
 
 
 
 Phone number: (+91) 8459242358
Email address: ryangilberttt@gmail.com 

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryan-gilbert-579055196/ 

 Home: Hyderabad (India) 
2.Activities:- I actively collaborated with interdisciplinary teams to develop AI-based solutions for audio calls/
Conversation moderation. primarily worked on Text cleaning, Text Analysis , Pre-processing for NLP tasks. I was
responsible for supervising the team of interns who were working on data annotation and I played a crucial role
in helping the ML team design and implement algorithms to improve customer acquisition. I worked closely with
ML experts and developers to ensure compliance with relevant regulations and guidelines, emphasizing the
importance of balancing customer service and user safety. Apart from that, I did an individual project on
"Conversation designing" for an AI tool.
Copywriter, Email-Writer, English Tutor(Freelance) 
[ 08/2021 - Current ] 
Country: India 
projects:- B2B email writing for tier three companies and editing the content written by the team of interns.
Rating the pronunciation quality of Indian users on a scale of 1 to 10 based on the given phonological parameters
based on British English for a developing AI tool. Book editing, Content writing (YouTube videos' transcription,
subtitles, and writing description for adult websites, setting academic questions papers on trending technical
jobs, script-writing for a short-ﬁlm on Covid-19,etc) Copy-writing, Conversation designing for an Al tool and more
Junior Data Analyst 
ForIT Media Networks [ 08/10/2021 - 10/12/2022 ] 
City: Hyderabad 
Country: India 
Main Activities:- Data Visualization, Data transformation, Data Analysis, Storytelling, Decision-making, Team-work.
Responsibilities:- 
1. Collecting and organizing data from various databases, spreadsheets, and web analytics tools. 
2. Cleaning and preparing data for analysis, which may involve removing duplicates, correcting errors, and
ensuring consistency across data sets. 
3. Analyzing data using statistical and data visualization tools, such as Excel, Tableau, Google Spreadsheet,
PowerBi. 
4. Creating reports and presentations to communicate ﬁndings and recommendations to stakeholders. 
5. Collaborating with other team members to develop and execute data-driven strategies.
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Master's in Computational Linguistics 
English And Foreign Languages University [ 01/10/2021 - 01/05/2023 ] 
Address: Hyderabad (India) 
Website: https://www.eﬂuniversity.ac.in 
Phonetics, Morphology, Syntax, Mathematical Linguistics, NLP 1 and 2, Psycholinguistics, Formal Language and
Automata Theory, Corpus Linguistics, Language acquisition, Human sentence processing, Semantics, HPSG,
Tagging and parsing, The Joy of Computing using Python.
Google Data Analytics 
Google [ 18/10/2022 - Current ] 
Address: (India) 
Certiﬁcate course in Computational Linguistics 
Deccan College Post Graduate and Research Institute [ 09/06/2021 - 09/08/2021 ] 
Address: Pune (India) 
Final grade: A 
Number of credits: 2 
Other language(s): 
German 
LISTENING A1  READING A1  WRITING A1  
SPOKEN PRODUCTION A1  SPOKEN INTERACTION A1  
Hindi 
LISTENING C2  READING C1  WRITING B2  
SPOKEN PRODUCTION C2  SPOKEN INTERACTION C2  
Bachelor's In English Language and Linguistics 
Savitribai Phule Pune University [ 01/07/2018 - 01/06/2021 ] 
Address: Pune (India) 
Website: http://www.unipune.ac.in 
Final grade: A 
LANGUAGE SKILLS 
Mother tongue(s): Marathi |  English(US Accent) 
DIGITAL SKILLS 
Python Programming /  R-programming /  Organizational and planning skills /  American Accent /  Analytical
skills /  Written and Verbal skills /  Decision-making /  Critical thinking /  Strategic Planning /  Strong-
communication /  google spreadsheets /  SQL /  Artiﬁcial Intilligence /    Machine Learning /  Python Libraries
(numpy, pandas, scikit-learn, gensim, surprise, spaCY, NLTK, PyTorch, ...) /  Microsoft Oﬃce /  GUI frameworks /
Data Science | Data Collection, Data Processing, Data Analysis, Data Visualization /  Microsoft Excel /
Reinforcement Learning 
PROJECTS 
EXPERIMENT ON THE AMBIGUITY IN SENTENCE PROCESSING USING DMDX( a Windows-based
program designed primarily for language-processing experiments.) 
[ 02/12/2022 - 07/12/2022 ] 
Conducted this experiment with 10 native speakers of diﬀerent dialects of Marathi(an Indian language) with the
help of linguistics analysis (Socio-linguistics, Psycho-linguistics, Syntax, Semantics and Stylistics).
A project on NLP tools and Corpora in the mother tongue named " Marathi". 
[ 10/06/2021 - 10/08/2021 ] 
Worked on NLP techniques, NLP libraries, NLP tools, Corpus Analysis Tools like Concord module, and AntConc
Corpus Linguistics and theoretical Linguistics approaches. 
[ 22/06/2022 - 22/07/2022 ] 
worked a text dataset to analyze and identify the patterns in the corpus with the help of a corpus analysis tool,
Concordance.

SANSKAR MEDATWAL
Vyanktesh nagar extension , airport road
9329804835 | ksr166402@gmail.com
 
OBJECTIVE
To work in environment which encourage me and my work to grow , I will try to give my best with my positive
thoughts .
SKILLS
1 . Video editor . 2 . Basic computer skills . 3 . Good Communication . 4 . Fast typing.
LANGUAGE
1 . English ( conversational ) 2. Hindi ( ﬂuent )
EDUCATION
COLLEGE :-
Pursuing 3rd year B.com (plain)
From RPL Maheswari college
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Father name - Dilip Medatwal
Father occupation - business man
My DOB - 05/11/2002
Nationality - india 
Status - unmarried
EXPERIENCE
COMPANY - lets share it.
EXPERIENCE - 1 year .
POST - Video Editor and graphic designer.
YOUTUBE
POST - Video Editor
EXPERIENCE - 2 Year
Freelancer Video editor and graphic designer - 
EXPERIENCE - 2 year .
6 month experience in job consultancy 
Post - operation manager.
EDUCATION
School :-
Completed from MP board
In 2020.
10th - 57%
12th - 73%
HOBBIES
1. Cycling 
2. Video editing

WORK EXPERIENCE
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Chiarra Gianina Ferna
ndes 
Date of birth: 01/09/1994 
Nationality: Indian 
Gender: Female 
CONTACT 
00185 Roma , Italy (Home) 

chiarra316@gmail.com 

chiarragianina.fernandes@stude
nts.uniroma2.eu 

(+39) 3517563131 

12/2022 - CURRENT Rome, Italy 
1. Providing assistance and guidance to international students willing to
apply to Italian universities via emails and social media
19/11/2019 - CURRENT Mumbai, India 
1. Liaise with the director and other employees to understand promotion
goals
2. Develop promotions including deals to encourage target consumers
3. Organise and strategise to ensure promotions reach consumers in a
timely manner
4. Provide outstanding customer service to clients
5. Manage a staﬀ of Client Services Representatives
01/04/2017 - 01/11/2019 Mumbai, India 
1. Manipulating and editing ﬁlm pieces in a way that is invisible to the
audience
2. Taking a brief to grasp production team's needs and speciﬁcations
3. Reviewing shooting script and raw material to create a shot decision list
based on scenes' value and contribution to continuity
4. Create and maintain a client communication platform
5. Ideate based on client requirements
01/06/2016 - 30/06/2016 Mumbai, India 
01/04/2016 - 04/2016 Mumbai, India 
01/01/2016 - 30/03/2016 Mumbai, India 
Administrative Assistant Uni-Italia, Head oﬃce, Italian Ministry
of Foreign Aﬀairs and international cooperation 
Marketing and promotion manager Uni-Italia Centre, Italian
Consulate in Mumbai 
Video editor Deﬁn8 Consultancy / The JPEG factory 
Production Intern CNN-IBN News 18 
Editorial Intern ET Panache (Times of India) 
Content management Intern MTV India Pvt. Ltd 
09/2022 - CURRENT Roma 
Address Roma 
Website http://arthistoryrome.uniroma2.it/ 
06/2015 - 06/2019 Mumbai, India 
Address Mumbai, India 
Website https://mu.ac.in/distance-open-learning 
08/2015 - 05/2016 Mumbai, India 
Address Mumbai, India 
Website https://www.stpaulsice.com 
Field of study Social
sciences, journalism and information 
Laurea Magistrale in Art History Tor Vergata, University of
Rome 
Masters of Arts in English University of Mumbai (Institute of
Distance and Open Learning) 
Post Graduate Diploma in Journalism St Pauls Institute of
Communication Education 
LANGUAGE SKILLS 
MOTHER TONGUE(S):  English 
Other language(s): 
Hindi 
Listening
B2
Reading
B1
Spoken production
B1
Spoken interaction
B1
Writing
B2
Italian 
Listening
B1
Reading
B1
Spoken production
B1
Spoken interaction
B1
Writing
B1
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Social and political activities 
06/2012 - 03/2015 Mumbai, India 
Address Mumbai, India 
Website https://xaviers.edu/main/ 
09/2010 - 02/2012 Mumbai, India 
Address Mumbai, India 
Website https://www.mahahsscboard.in 
04/09/2016 - 23/07/2017 Florence, Italy 
Address Florence, Italy 
Website https://www.loppiano.it/scuole-di-formazione/ 
Bachelor of Arts in English and History St Xaviers College, Autonomous 
Higher Secondary School Certiﬁcate St Xaviers College, Maharashtra State Boards 
School of Formation for Youth (Scuole gen) International Centre of the Focolare Movement 
08/2011 - 08/2014 St Xaviers College Autonomous Mumbai 
Link https://www.malharfest.org 
04/2014 - 04/2016 St Michaels Church Mumbai 
Link https://www.stmichaelsmahim.com/youth-council 
Organiser / Volunteer (College fest) 
Parish Youth Council 

Reshma Sadhu Waghmare 
Web developer with Python 
Certified Microsoft Python developer looking to apply coding skills to develop web applications in this 
digital world. Logical, Hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong organizational skills eager to 
secure Python developer position. Ready to help team achieve company goals. Dedicated and self 
motivated engineer willing to work in growing and challenging field. Analytical focused on applying 
sound engineering principles using both traditional and innovative methods and great team player. 
  Work History 
2022-07-2022-12            Rapid Innovation 
Work Experience 
Python Developer 
 
1. Rapid Trance(29th july to 5th Oct  2022) 
 
Worked on Python API's and used Flask framework for 
implementation of APIS. 
 
Understanding python files in Rapid Trance environment and 
make necessary changes if needed. 
 
Analyzed system requirements specifications 
 
Used MongoDB database   
 
2. Rapid Video Portal(6th Oct to 2nd dec 2022) 
 
Used ajax and html for frontend development. 
 
Designed API of video upload and download on S3 bucket in 
AWS. 
 
Created user login dashboard and created dashboard for 
adding quiz with videos  
 
Used Pandas for login dashboard of users 
 
Used AWS S3 bucket for uploading videos   
 
Docker is used to run APIS 
 
 
 
 
  Contact 
Address:  
Ace almighty,Beta tower, 
Tathwade 
Pune, MH, 411033 
 
Phone: 
9011464541 
 
E-mail: 
Reshmawaghmare007@gmail.
com 
 
LinkedIn: 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/r
eshma-waghmare-524b52236/ 
 
  Skills 
 Software:- Pycharm, 
Microsoft office, Microsoft 
Excel, VScode, Postman, 
MongoDB, Jira, GitHub, 
Docker, AWS, Gitlab, Power  
Bi Dektop,  
Technical Skills 
  Python Programming 
  MongoDB Database 
  Flask Framework 
  API development 
 AWS 
 Lambda 
 Numpy 
 Pandas 
 HTML 
 Javascripts 
 Django 
 
 
  Accomplishments 
 Got appreciation for quality deliverables from Techlead 
 Completed Python Certification from Ethan's 
 Completed Microsoft Global Python Certification. 
 Completed Microsoft Power BI Desktop for Business 
Intelligence on Udemy 
 
  
Personal Details 
 
  
Date of Birth : 15/04/1993 
Languages Known: English, Hindi 
Marital status: Married 
 
 
 

 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/dr-avinash-
kumar-singh-2a570a31 (LinkedIn)
avinashkumarsingh.in/ (Personal)
Top Skills
Malware Analysis
Machine Learning
Pattern Recognition
Languages
English (Full Professional)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Bangla (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Introduction to Machine Learning in
Production
Machine Learning Data Lifecycle in
Production
Introduction to Scrum Master
Training
Prompt Engineering for chatGPT
Honors-Awards
Authentication Techniques and Web
Application Security
Publications
NAO Humanoid Robot: Analysis of
Calibration Techniques for Robot
Sketch Drawing
An Empirical Review of Calibration
Techniques for the Pepper
Humanoid Robot's RGB and Depth
Camera
Visual Perception based Criminal
Identification- a query based
approach
Sketch drawing by Nao Humanoid
Robot
Face recognition with liveness
detection using eye and mouth
movement
Dr. Avinash Kumar Singh
Postdoctoral Researcher at University of Montpellier | AI Trainer and
Consultant
Montpellier, Occitanie, France
Summary
Hi, I am Avinash, I am currently associated with LIRMM lab
Montpellier University France as a post-doctoral researcher. Here
we are performing activity recognition for Human robot collaboration.
I am a part of H2020 project SOPHIA.  I work in the domain of
machine learning, deep learning computer vision, natural language
processing and human robot interaction (Yes, it is a big list ). It
has been more than 8 years working in the domain of artificial
intelligence and robotics. I do offer consultancy to industries and
corporate training in Artificial Intelligence. I served more than two
years with Intain Technologies as a Lead AI consultant and helped
them to setup the Artificial Intelligence division (In-D) and design
architectures of various machine learning solutions. I am here
looking for the consultancy and online training opportunities in these
domains.
I started my journey in the domain of AI and robotics as a Ph.D
candidate from Indian Institute of Information Technology Allahabad,
India. During the time of Ph.D, I worked in human-robot interaction
and there we trained Nao humanoid robot to do person identification
both in absence and presence of person image. We also trained
them to dance and sketch. As the extension of my Ph.D work, I
worked two years in the intelligent robotics laboratory at Umea
university Sweden as a post-doctoral researcher. We had a
family of three Pepper robots and we trained them to perform the
collaboration in order to solve a common problem. We further
translated their actions into the natural language so that they
would be understandable at the same time. In another project we
developed an assistance framework so that they can be assistant for
the elderly people and can help them in day to day life. 
From February 2017 to January 2018, I was associated with HCL
Technologies. There, I led the artificial intelligence division. There
were 16 members in my team, I was responsible to handle the client
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
interaction, gather project requirements and then design the machine
learning solution. From November 2015 to February 2017, I worked
as an associate process manager at eClerx Services Limited. I
worked as a technology specialist for the machine learning solutions.
I used to work with the development team and advise them to where,
how and when machine learning can be implemented in their existing
solutions.
For more information about my research projects, you may visit to
my website and the the youtube channel.
http://avinashkumarsingh.in/
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRdJsCCYkkSp9qhqW4Wbh2Q
Experience
Brane Enterprises Pvt Ltd
Senior Solution Leader
May 2020 - Present (3 years 3 months)
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
I am working with Brane enterprises since May 2020, I helped my team to
build various solutions in the domain of computer vision and deep learning. I
am part of vision for visually impaired people. We developed smart glasses
that can help visually impaired people to recognize objects, their colour and
the distance from the person. Further, we fused the Geo spatial data and
the vision to help them in navigation and to avoid obstacles. Together we
developed solutions for face recognition for low resource devices, object
detection for the large scale objects (>5000) and scene understanding etc.
University of Montpellier
Postdoctoral Researcher
November 2020 - November 2021 (1 year 1 month)
Montpellier, Occitanie, France
I have recently joined the robotics division at LIRMM (University of
Montpellier). I will be working on the European  Project (H2020) SOPHIA. As a
part of the project I would be working on activity recognition that will be useful
in the human robot collaboration. 
Intain - Building Intelligent Blockchains
Lead Consultant
January 2018 - May 2020 (2 years 5 months)
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
Sweden
At Intain innovation lab, we work on different aspects of artificial intelligence.
We work on  deep neural network, computer vision, machine learning and
natural language processing. We are streamlining the process of digitization
using all these components. The major problem of digitization process is to
handle the unstructured data source. The non linearity present in terms of
different document layout, nomenclature, diversity in scanning, alignment,
document quality, resolution, etc. we try to mitigate these risks using our
state of the art algorithms. Our product In-D can address these challenges
and mitigate the risk. Apart from the product division, we do have patent and
publishing section in Intain where we encourage people to publish their work in
global forums such as in renewed conferences, journals and patents.
Umeå University
Postdoctoral Research Fellow
February 2018 - January 2020 (2 years)
Umea, Sweden
I am working on Human Robot Interaction. We have a family of Pepper Robot
which are used as the testbed for our demonstrations. We are training them
to understand their own limitations and ask human to collectively solve the
problem. We are designing their cognitive model in such a way that they will
learn from human demonstrations/examples
HCL Technologies
Deputy Manager at HCL Technologies
February 2017 - January 2018 (1 year)
Noida Area, India
I worked with HCL Innovation Lab, Noida for almost one year. I lead
the Artificial Intelligence division and executed several projects such as
Information Extraction from the unstructured data sources, Document
Classification and Information Localization, Object Detection, Face & Signature
Verification System, etc.
eClerx
Associate Process Manager
November 2015 - February 2017 (1 year 4 months)
Mumbai Area, India
At eClerx services limited, I worked as a full stack developer for machine
learning based solution. As a developer, I deployed two solutions such as
email classification where I used Bayes, ANN, SVM, KNN, etc. to train the
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
system, on the other hand in the email information extraction, I used natural
language processing specially named entity recognition to extract information
from the mail communication.
Indian Institute Of Information Technology
Research Scholar
November 2011 - November 2015 (4 years 1 month)
Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh
I pursued my Ph.D in Human Robot Interaction under the supervision of prof.
G C Nandi from Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad, India.
Here is the sort description of my work.
This thesis addresses four problems such as face recognition, face liveness
detection, criminal
identification and sketch drawing by humanoid robot. All these problems are
solved with
respect to the human robot interaction. The existing face recognition problem
has been tackled
with our proposed component based fragmented face recognition framework.
The proposed
framework uses only a subset of the full face such as eyes, nose and mouth to
recognize a
person. It's less searching cost, encouraging accuracy and ability to handle
various challenges
of face recognition offers its applicability on humanoid robots. The second
problem in face
recognition is the face spoofing, in which a face recognition system is not able
to distinguish
between a person and an imposter (photo/video of the genuine user). The
problem will become
more detrimental when robots are used as an authenticator. A depth analysis
method has been
investigated in our research work to test the liveness of imposters to
discriminate them from
the legitimate users. The implication of the previous earned techniques has
been used with
respect to criminal identification with NAO robot. An eyewitness can interact
with NAO
through a user interface. NAO asks several questions about the suspect, such
as age, height,
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
her/his facial shape and size etc., and then making a guess about her/his face.
A rough set based
reasoning approach has been proposed to map the eyewitness imprecise
knowledge to the
existing criminal database. If the facial description is not matched inside the
database, it is
assumed that there is no previous information about criminal face exists. In all
such cases NAO
help Police sketch artist to create portrait of the criminal.
Education
Indian Institute Of Information Technology
Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.), Information Technology · (2011 - 2015)
Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur
Workshop on Machine Learning , July 1 to 3, 2013, Machine
learning · (2013 - 2013)
Indian Institute of Technology, Madras
DAAD Supported International Workshop on Advances in PDE Modeling
and Computation (APDEMC 2013), Advances in PDE Modeling and
Computation · (2013 - 2013)
National institute of technology Delhi
Faculty Development Programme on Image Processing, Computer Vision
and Pattern Recognition, conducte, Image Processing, Computer Vision and
Pattern Recognition · (2013 - 2013)
Banaras Hindu University
National workshop cum training program on Computing Techniques
and Applications (NWCTP-CTA) during J, Computing Techniques and
Applications · (2012 - 2012)
 
Page 5 of 5

