 
Anupama Ojha 
Data analysis, Business Development, Project Analyst and AI/ML.  
Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh 462023  
anupamaojha.cs12@gmail.com  
+91 96085 96033 
 
To be a part of an organization where I can grow in terms of knowledge, skills and attitude and put 
my best to learn new trends and new environmental skills, and if given a chance to work with you, I 
assure you of my level best. I am new to this industry with 2 years of experience who is willing to 
give total support to the organization that I work for with all my capabilities that I have and that I'll 
learn.  
Willing to relocate: Anywhere 
 
 
Personal Details 
 
Date of Birth: 2020-01-31  
Eligible to work in: India  
Highest Career Level: 1-2 years' experience  
Industry: Software Development (IT) 
Total years of experience: 2 
 
 
Work Experience 
 
Data Analyst  
Netlink Software Pvt. Ltd - Mandideep, Madhya Pradesh  
November 2022 to Present 
  Analytical understanding of data.  
  Generation of reports, data Modelling, Data Migration, Data Analysis, and manipulation.  
  Analytical dashboard and functional testing, manual testing.  
  Dashboard development  
  SQL, database (vertica), azure, AWS, RDBMs. 
  Advanced Excel (VLOOKUP, lookup). 
  Project management, business requirements (BRD) and KPI Mapping documents. 
  Fresher Interviews, Project Presentation, Client handling etc. 
 
Trainee Python Developer  
Rack AI Pvt. Ltd - Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh  
March 2022 to October 2022 
  I was responsible for developing and implementing functional programs in Python language with 
its libraries like pandas, NumPy, skit-learn, (keras, TensorFlow).  
  In this role, I had to do teamwork with developers to design algorithms and flowcharts.  
  Along with this, I integrate several software components and third-party modifications in the 
existing program are also observed by me.  
  I had to create technical documentation for reference and reporting. 
 
  Data visualization with JustPy 
 
Internship  
NRI Institute of Technology - Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh  
July 2021 to December 2021 
Project work based on Data Analytics and Visualization.  
  Skill: SQL, python, data visualization and analytics, excel, Functional testing etc 
  Interview Preparation, Presentation skills, et 
 
 
 
Skills / IT Skills 
 
  Communication Skills, Presentations, Client Handling 
  SQL, Microsoft Excel Advances Analysis skills  
  Python  
  Pandas, NumPy, Skit-learn Lib   
  Django 
  Rest API, Keras, TensorFlow 
  Data mining  
  Communication skills  
  Tableau, Power BI tools 
  Machine learning  
  Natural language processing  
  Computer vision  
  Big data, Hadoop  
  Interview Scheduling, Project Management 
  Functional testing 
  Data analytics  
  Artificial Intelligence  
  Simple Chatbot  
  Data analysis skills: Data Modelling, Data Migration 
  Data Manipulation 
 
 
Languages 
 
  English - Fluent  
  Hindi - Fluent  
  Bengali - Fluent 
 
Online Profile 
 
 
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/anupama-ojha-12b055199 
 
Certifications and Licenses 
 
Sentimental Analysis  
October 2022 - Feb 2023 
(Client- Netlink Software's) 
Sentiment analysis projects involve using natural language processing (NLP) and machine learning 
to analyse and categorize text based on sentiment. The goal is to gain insights from data like social 
media posts or customer reviews. Steps include data collection, pre-processing, feature extraction, 
model training, and evaluation. Success depends on data quality, pre-processing techniques, and 
choice of algorithms. Applications include social media monitoring, brand management, and market 
research. 
 
Data Analytics and visualization  
February 2023 - April 2023  
(Client- Netlink Software's) 
Data visualization is the graphical representation of information and data. By using visual elements 
like charts, graphs, and maps. 
The Data analysis and visualization project using Python and JustPy involves using Python and the 
JustPy library to analyse and visualize data. It includes steps like data collection, data preparation, 
data analysis using libraries like NumPy and Pandas, data visualization using JustPy and other 
visualization libraries, creating interactive web-based visualizations, and deploying the web 
application. This project enables the exploration and communication of data insights through 
interactive and visually appealing web-based visualizations. 
 
Web Scraping  
March 2022 - September 2022 
(Client- Rack AI Pvt. Ltd.) 
Web scraping is a process of automating the extraction of data in an efficient and fast way. With the 
help of web scraping.  
Web scraping of images involves automatically extracting images from websites developed with 
Python, BeautifulSoup, Scrapy, Selenium, Pillow, Pandas, Requests. It includes steps like identifying 
the target website, parsing the HTML structure, fetching, and parsing web pages, locating image 
URLs, downloading the images, and optionally performing image processing. The scraped images 
can be stored and managed for various purposes, such as building datasets or creating image 
galleries. Legal and ethical considerations should be considered during the process. 
 
Communication Skills  
October 2020 - Feb 2021 
(Client- LinkedIn) 
 
It recognizes successful completion of a comprehensive program designed to enhance and refine 
communication abilities. This certificate validates the individual's competence in various aspects of 
effective communication, including verbal and nonverbal communication, active listening, public 
speaking, interpersonal skills, and conflict resolution.  
 
 
Education 
 
Bachelor's in Technology, Computer Science (8.9 CGPA) 
NRI Institute of information science and technology, Bhopal - Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh 
R.G.P.V. University, Bhopal  
May 2019 to May 2023 
 
12th in Science (PCM)  
Rajkamal Saraswati Vidya mandir Dhanbad - Dhanbad, Jharkhand 
CBSE Board: 80%  
March 2016 to May 2018  
 
Diploma In Psychology (Human Behaviour)  
University of Strathclyde Glasgow (Online Platform) 
Accuracy: 83% Grade: “A 
August 2019 to September 2020 
10th in All subjects  
SSVM Institutions Dhanbad - Baghmara, West Bengal  
CBSE Board: 10 CGPA 
April 2015 to July 2016 
 
Additional Information 
 
Bachelor in Computer Science with distinction and more than two year of experience as a Data 
Analyst. Key knowledge in AI/ML, data science and analytics, data structures and algorithms, and 
data modelling.  
Proficiency in HTML, MySQL, big data (Hadoop), Python. Beginner in MATLAB.  Experienced in 
manipulating visual hierarchy and automation in prediction algorithms for customer trends.   
Organized, top performer, and goal-driven individual with Eight months of experience in working 
with key stakeholders and communicating between manager and technical levels of an 
organization. Skilled at using data modelling to build a competitive advantage.   
New to corporate industry with 1.8 years of experience, can work well under pressure and make the 
best of any situation. Passionate individual with great interpersonal and communication skills. 
 
 
