Jenna Richards
BA International Relations Student 
London, UK
www.linkedin.com/in/jenna-richards28/
07487587217
jennarichards28@sky.com
PROFILE
As an international relations student, I have a passion for global politics and conﬂict resolution. I am skilled in 
political and historical analysis, critical thinking, and research and writing. I have a strong work ethic and 
excellent interpersonal skills, enabling me to successfully navigate through many industries and jobs, 
demonstrating tenacity, adaptability, and determination to get results. This combined with a strong desire to 
learn, means I can bring a new and fresh perspective to any organisation, through creative thinking, excellent 
communication, and relationship building. 
I am seeking opportunities to apply my education and gain experience that contribute to the advancement of 
peace and stability in the international community. I am open to internships and entry-level positions in 
government agencies, non-proﬁts, and international organisations. 
EMPLOYMENT
Jan 2023- present
Heritage Intern, Inquest 
London, UK
- Student intern on a heritage project documenting the 40 year history of the legal justice charity Inquest 
through a podcast. 
- Gained knowledge about the organisation and the NGO sector more broadly.
- Developed and demonstrated research skills through practical training and workshops; group project skills 
and time management; presentational skills.
- Produced an article ‘Investigating COVID-19 deaths in state custody and detention', published on both 
Inquest's and the University of Westminster's website. 
June 2022- present
Autocue Operator, BBC News
London, UK
- Responsible for controlling script for presenters during live broadcasting of BBC News and BBC World News.
- Trained in Open Media, Microsoft Excel and QMaster. 
- Working closely with senior directors, presenters and producers for BBC News. 
- Played key role for BBC News in some of the coverage of 2022s major events. Some include Queen Elizabeth 
II's death and funeral, important turning points in Russo-Ukrainian war, and coverage of UK's newly elected 
PM.
February 2022- present
Swimming Instructor, Swimming Nature
London, UK
- Swimming Nature takes a 'hands-on approach', using mechanical guidance to give the student a real feel of 
the stroke or technique.
- Working with vast range of ages and catering for individuals with varying needs. Lessons focus on both 
enjoyment and education, with drills and exercises centring on building conﬁdence in and out the water.
- One major client in the last year was the actor Ed McVey, who will be playing Prince William in season 6 of 
‘The Crown' on Netﬂix, where a high level of skill, technique and speed was required for his role.
May-June 2022
Student Intern, Fiona Fleur
London, UK
- Worked on projects and events for clients such as Harry Winston, Audemars Piguet and Ladurée.
- Required high levels of communication, attention to detail and eﬃciency to ensure products and services were 
of the highest standard and customers were satisﬁed.
- Built on creative thinking and attention to detail. 
October 2021- February 2022 
Supervisor, Neat Burger
London, UK
- Responsible for running the store in absence of general manager.
- Tasked with managing the team, ensuring quality is maintained in both food production and customer service, 
carrying out opening/closing checks and procedures and training new staﬀ.
- Cross-trained in the kitchen to ensure quality was continued throughout.
July 2021- October 2022 
Floor Manager, Snog Frozen Yoghurt 
London, UK
- Responsible for running entire store when on shift, ensuring highest food quality and customer service was 
delivered.
- Main tasks included stock requests; cashing-up in customer stores, open/closing inventories of all products 
on Microsoft Excel; leading team; training brand ambassadors on opening and closing of delivery stores and 
basic training in customer facing stores.
- Achieving and exceeding sales targets.
EDUCATION
September 2020- 2024
BA International Relations 
University of Westminster, London, UK 
- Modules include: geopolitics, international political economy, global 
security, theorising politics and IR, the politics of killing and political 
research in practice. 
- Completed 2 years of BA English Language and Linguistics before changing 
to IR at level 5 (2020-2022). Modules included: child language acquisition, 
discourse across time, language structure and meaning, words and 
meaning, language and text, language myths and exploring language. 
September 2018- August 2020
A Levels
The Beauchamp College, Leicestershire, UK 
- PE, geography, English language and level 3 mathematics. 
August 2013- August 2018
GCSEs 
Welland Park Academy, Leicestershire, UK 
- All core GCSEs including triple science; PE, geography and French. 
CERTIFACTIONS 
March 2022 
Expires March 2024
STA Safety Award 
Swimming Teachers Association
March 2022 
DBS 
UK Home Oﬃce 
January 2021
Marketing Analytics Course 
Darden School of Business 
May 2019
Level 1 Swimming Teaching Assistant  
Swim England
SKILLS
- Written communication 
- Attention to detail
- Problem-solving
- Decision-making
- Excellent communication 
- Self-motivated
- Organisation and time 
management
- Leadership
- Creative thinking
- Analytical and critical 
thinking. 
References available upon request.
