DEEPAK VERMA
0822deepakverma@gmail.com | +91-7701834592
LinkedIn | GitHub | Twitter | LeetCode
EDUCATION
NSUT West Campus (Formerly CBPGEC)🔗
New Delhi, India
Bachelor of Technology (Information Technology |CGPA: 8.90 till 6th sem)
Aug/2019 - Present
WORK EXPERIENCE
Grynow Media Pvt. Ltd.(Faym)🔗
Remote
Software Developer Engineer( Nest.js, Typescript, AWS, Firebase)
May/2022 - Present
 
Developed multiple Faym-wall's for influencers to boost online presence and engagement.
 
Built a dashboard using Google Analytics APIs to monitor and summarize website clicks and views, enabling effective
measurement of the Faym-walls' impact on achieving influencer goals.
 
Developed and integrated various modules, including order tracking, influencer dashboard, and wallet, while utilizing
third-party APIs like Admitad, Razorpay, and Google Spreadsheet to meet business requirements.
 
Worked closely with the founder to understand product requirements and provided scalable, efficient solutions that
optimized performance. Utilized AWS services such as S3, EC2, and IAM to deploy and host websites and APIs.
Fly0kart🔗
Remote
Fullstack Developer (React.js, Node.js, MongoDB, JavaScript)
Oct/2021 - May/2022
 
Developed and maintained a flight booking portal, fixing existing bugs and adding new features to meet requirements.
Achieved zero errors and a seamless user experience.
 
Managed development and deployment of HRMS, ticketing tool, Zoho, and the official website on various platforms
like Bluehost, Netlify, and Render. Also, performed domain configuration and email service setup for efficient operation.
 
Collaborated closely with the founder, led a team of 7 developers, and interviewed 20+ candidates for respective
roles, gaining valuable leadership and management experience.
Ranjan Technologies Pvt. Ltd.🔗
Remote
FullStack Developer(HTML, CSS, Javascript, Bootstrap, Node.js, MongoDB)
Sep/2021 - Nov/2021
 
Created user-friendly dashboards for teachers, students, and admins. The new UI streamlined interactions between all
parties, resulting in improved communication and greater efficiency.
 
Integrated Twilio, Google Maps, AWS storage, and RazorPay APIs for payment and other features, improving the
functionality and usability of the application.
 
Developed a Node.js-based API for efficient request handling and transaction management between frontend and
backend, improving application functionality and performance.
OPEN-SOURCE & PROJECTS
MENTOR( Git, Github, MERN stack, Data Structures & Algorithm)
June/2021 - June/2022
 
Mentored 500+ folks at various open-source programs like GWOC'21, GSSoC'22, DevIncept'21 and LGMSoC'21.
 
Guided and cleared doubts of 300+ Contributors regarding React.js, Js, HTML, CSS via One-to-One interaction.
 
Projects worked with: LearnZania🔗, DevEmpire🔗, EmpowHer🔗 and Awesome-portfolio-websites🔗.
Get Me Therapy🔗
HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Zoho CRM & Javascript
  Developed User-friendly, Responsive pages i.e. Landing Page, Pricing Page, Client Page and T&C Page from scratch.
  Integrated Zoho Webforms where the user can put his query, which gets mapped in the Zoho CRM.
  Worked with Domain Management, WordPress Dashboard and Hosting as well.
Amazing CSS Projects🔗
HTML, CSS, Javascript
Implemented 50 unique projects using Javascript & CSS, gaining practical experience and expertise.
SKILLS
 
Languages: C++, C, JavaScript, Typescript, Data Structures & Algorithm
 
Frontend: React.js, Redux,BootStrap, EJS, HTML, CSS, JQuery, SCSS
 
Backend: Nodejs, Mongoose, Express.js, MongoDB, RESTful API, OAuth 2.0, MySQL, Nest.js
