eshnamalhotra@gmail.com
+44 7436 568177
+971 522832802
Eshna
Malhotra
EMDI Institute of media and communication 
Dubai 2018
was with the media and advertising firm where I was doing
their graphics. I was given multiple tasks such as
designing a wall mural for their alumni and recreating a
yearbook for their company. The yearbook I created for
EMDI was for the company's alumni which were then
handed out to almost 500 people at their award ceremony. 
Event management course EMDI
 also did a one week course on event management with
them where I had to attend lectures on event
management. After learning the basics of event
management I put my practice into reality. I had to
organise a children's event at dragon mart 2 which is a
new mall that opened in Dubai and helps advertise for
them. The event overall was pretty successful as many
people attended. I also had to help the company find
partnerships that would come for their end of the year
awards ceremony. 
Penny for many initiative
Dubai & Banglore 2019-2020
3 years ago I started my own charity based in Dubai. I
started my own non-profit initiative to help intellectually
challenged people in India and cancer patients who can’t
afford food. By using one of my strengths and passions I
came across the idea of painting on bags and selling them
for charity. Using social media created a trend on social
media ' #maskitup' this was so successful and I was able
to raise enough money for the poor for at least a few
months. The non-profit organisation penny for many is still
running and we do events in exhibitions such as Numaish
however with the corona situation I haven’t been able to do
much. 
WORK HISTORY
SKILLS AND PROFICIENCIES
Networking with people and
building relationships for
business opportunities
 Teamwork, multitasking, and
attention to detail
adobe photoshop ,illustrator,
editing films
English college Dubai
UAL (University of the Arts London)
LCC (London college of
communications)- media
communication 2021-2024 
CAL ARTS - online graphic design
graduate
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
Eshna
Malhotra
eshnamalhotra@gmail.com
+44 7436 568177
+971 522832802
CODE 8 Studio
Dubai 2021
I interned with the advertising agency where we grew big
brand conglomerates and creative deliveries through the
form of marketing. When Interned with them I worked on the
repackaging designs of Pringles for their hot and spicy chips
in the UAE. Where we successfully delivered a collaborative
design that differs from their competitors. I then worked on
a manifesto for the UAE water brand Al ain water and came
up with a billboard idea for the EXPO 2020 3D model
campaign they are exhibiting. Furthermore, I also helped
with the Galaxy chocolate Ramadan ad which was launched
for 2021 Ramadan. 
Protoplasm  Studio
London 2021
I worked with them as a head senior graphic designer and
helped them revamp their website. After making their
website on illustrator I also helped one of their clients
design their app which is called happily ever after (getting
launched in Singapore), it is a health care app that works
similar to apple health but with more features.
MVM Enterprise Events
London 2022
I worked here doing their social media marketing for the
company. Where I would come up with creative quirky
content ideas in order to make posts and engage with
audiences. I also extended their social media and made a
youtube and TikTok account and increased their Instagram
following by 45%. Along with working on their social media I
would research and help find sponsorships for the company
to host events with a twist at different locations and styles.
 
WORK HISTORY
