Hamid Ahmed  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
Employment History 
July 2022 - July 2022 │ Creative Assembly 
Video Games Tester 
 
Games testing including livestream games testing. 
 
Identifying and reporting any defects to developer. 
 
Providing feedback and analysis to developer. 
June 2021 - July 2021 │ Makerversity 
Graphic Designer Internship 
 
Designing and developing logos and branding concepts using Scalable 
Vector Graphics (SVG). 
 
Created a professional brand logo for a business to use on their products. 
 
Presenting logos and branding concepts to clients. 
 
Producing marketing materials. 
November 2020 - January 2021 │ Loving Social Media 
Digital Marketing Assistant & SEO Junior 
 
Creating digital media contents using Canva for clients. 
 
Managing social media platforms (YouTube, Instagram, Facebook, and 
LinkedIn) for clients. 
 
Providing marketing consultations to clients, offering guidance on marketing 
strategies to help them achieve their goals. 
 
Demonstrated expertise in crafting subtitles for client's YouTube videos, to 
improvement engagement for viewers. 
 
Contributed to the successful design, development, and optimisation of a 
website for a client. 
February 2020 - February 2020 │ Research-i 
Video Games Tester 
 
Testing new computer games going to market. 
 
Providing direct feedback and analysis to developers. 
July 2019 - August 2019 │ Berkeley Group 
Front of Desk Receptionist - Concierge 
 
Welcoming residents and visitors. 
 
Managing bookings to facilities. 
 
Answering and dealing with requests. 
 
Managing posts ensuring delivery is sent out. 
 
Maintaining excellent housekeeping. 
Education & 
Training History 
Sep 2021 - Jul 2023 | New City 
College, Redbridge Campus 
BTEC Level 3 Extended Diploma in 
Creative Media Production 
 
Grade: Pending 
Sep 2020 - Oct 2020 | London 
Vesta College 
 
Digital Marketing Traineeship 
Sep 2014 - Jun 2019 | Sir John 
Cass Redcoat Secondary School 
 
5 GCSEs A*-C 
 
Technical Skills 
 
Proficient in using graphic design 
and photo editing software such 
as Photoshop and Canva. 
 
Proficient in using video editing 
software such as Premiere Pro. 
 
Skilled in creating user interfaces 
for websites and mobile apps, 
using software such as Adobe XD. 
 
Understanding of SEO, optimising 
video titles, tags to increase video 
visibility and reach. 
 
Effective in driving YouTube 
channel growth, achieving a 16-
subscriber increase and over 
1,000 views for a client's video. 
 
Skilled in driving engagement on 
TikTok, achieving 5,000 views 
and 140 likes for a client's page. 
