 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
St. George's Bristol 
- Engaged in immersive music video production at St. George's Bristol, acquiring invaluable hands-on 
experience within a professional setting. 
- Identified the necessity to enhance the company's marketing content strategy, leading to my 
recruitment with a primary responsibility for curating concert-capturing content. 
- Effectively contributed to the company's marketing accomplishments by creating compelling 
content that authentically captured the essence and energy of live performances. 
 
EAR Media advertising  
Creative content direction trainee 
- Absorbed myself in the dynamic world of marketing and communications, gaining valuable 
experience in crafting compelling content. 
- Played a pivotal role in creating content that resonated with diverse audiences, contributing to the 
success of impactful campaigns. 
- Collaborated closely with a talented team to elevate brand messaging and drive engagement 
through strategic content creation. 
 
Watch It streaming service 
Runner & media content creation internship 
- Supported production activities as a Runner on set for Bela Daleel, gaining valuable hands-on 
experience in the industry. 
- Edited film pieces to create concise and impactful short teasers using Adobe software. 
 
KAI Collective  
- Crafted, reviewed, and edited engaging content for the swimwear company's Instagram page. 
- Utilized digital publishing platforms to create well-structured drafts that effectively captured the 
attention of our target audience. 
- Played a key role in enhancing the company's online presence and driving engagement through 
compelling and visually appealing content. 
 
July - Aug 
Cairo, 2019 
 
June - July 
Cairo, 2022 
 
March - May 
Bristol, 2023 
 
March - Nov  
Cairo, 2019 
 
ISMAIL GOHAR 
As a visionary fresh graduate of the University of Bristol, my passion for pushing creative boundaries 
and attention to detail set me apart. With a Bachelor of Arts in Film & TV, my diverse experiences 
across Egypt, the United Kingdom, and a German school have enriched my artistic perspective, allowing 
me to create immersive content beyond conventional boundaries. With fluency in three languages, I 
have refined my ability to build meaningful connections and excel in social interactions. Eager to make 
my mark in the dynamic film and media ecosystem, I bring a fresh approach, a passion for storytelling, 
and a dedication to leaving a lasting impression. 
+447903418212               
ismailgohar@gmail.com 
 
25 Ravensmede Way, London W4 1TD 
 
 
 
EXPERIENCE 
SUMMARY 
OnCampus London Foundation 
September 2018 - July 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
University of Bristol 
Bachelor of Arts in Film and Television 2023 
MODULES 
Film Director's Vision /Documentary Practices / 
Short Fiction Film / Film History / Television 
Industries / Experimental Film / Filmmaking 
Fundamentals 
 University of Westminster 
September 2019 - July 2020 
 
  
Contemporary Media 
Practice 
Humanities Foundation 
Program 
  
German School London  
September 2016- July 2018 
 
 
  Languages 
Arabic  
Native 
English 
Fluent 
German 
Fluent 
 
  
 
Photography 
Art Direction 
Visual Design and 
Graphics 
Social Media Management 
Cinematography 
Skillset 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Adobe Suite 
Microsoft Excel 
Collaborative Teamwork 
Critical Thinking 
Multilingual 
  
Creative Concept Development 
Translating ideas into captivating and innovative 
concepts 
Storytelling and Ideation 
Crafting compelling narratives 
Education  
 
Served as the First Assistant Camera for a Bristol-
based farming documentary, collaborating with the 
POC Bristol team at Cables & Cameras in 2021. 
 
Gained experience in the hospitality industry as a 
worker at Stein's Richmond in London in 2020 and 
Footasylum UK in London in 2022. 
 
Provided stage photography and press coverage 
for WEGZ, in London in 2022. 
 
Completed a marketing internship in 2017 at 
NOLA, Egypt's leading cupcake company in Cairo, 
involving coordination with companies such as 
Coca-Cola. 
 
 
FREELANCE FASHION PHOTOGRAPHY 
 
Richa EG (Egypt 2021) 
Moshpit (Egypt 2022) 
Public Offender (Egypt 2021) 
TWO GEEZ (UK 2023) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FREELANCE 
EXPERIENCE + 
CREATIVE PORTFOLIO  
 
 
  
 
 
 Ismailgohar.wixsite.com/portfolio 
 
LINKEDIN PROFILE 
 
  
 
Linkedin.com/in/ismail-gohar-b9ab74236/ 
