Jennifer Wong 
Mobile: +44 (0)7783 808456 
Email: jenniferwong138@hotmail.co.uk  
A creative and curious individual who is able to work in a dynamic environment. I pride myself on my ability 
to adapt quickly, problem-solve and organise. With great communication, I am capable of working as part of a 
team, as well as individually.  
Key skills 
  Team player - experience in managing and cooperating in various team settings; operating as a group of 8-10 
in catering, leading university group projects, and being a dedicated competitive dance team member. 
  Customer service - experience in customer-facing roles, requiring to be fast working and highly effective in 
communicating with fellow colleagues and customers. Demonstrating excellent capability in working with 
different people and situations. 
  Written and spoken communication - achieving First Class in academic essays and reports, which involve 
confidently presenting academic findings to students and lecturers. Ensuring to be clear and coherent. 
Actively communicating with work colleagues from a range of backgrounds and alternating between various 
languages.  
  Problem-solving - the ability to provide immediate solutions to overcome problems with logical reasoning 
and attention to detail in university group projects and customer service roles.  
Education 
2019 - 2023                    University East Anglia, Norwich 
                                        BA Business Management with a Year Abroad  
                                      - Projected First Class 
                                      - Coursework: Principles of Marketing, Digital Marketing and The Service              
                                        Economy, Shopper Marketing, Strategic Brand Management, International Business 
                             
2021-2022                      Hankuk University of Foreign Studies, South Korea (Study abroad) 
                                       - Achieved 4.0 GPA 
                                       - Coursework: Korean Media Industry, Understanding Korean Chaebol Enterprises 
                                       - Presentations: Marketing Management, New Product & Innovation Strategy,                        
                                         Principles of Business Management 
2017 - 2019 
             Copleston Sixth Form, Ipswich 
 
 
 
- A-levels: English Language (B), Business (B) and Psychology (B) 
2013 - 2017 
 
Copleston High School, Ipswich 
 
 
 
- GCSEs: two A* (English Language and Literature), four As, two Bs, three Cs 
Computing  
Microsoft Office: Word, Excel & PowerPoint - Intermediate 
Languages 
English (Native), Cantonese Chinese (Conversational speaker), Korean (Basic) 
Relevant Experience 
September - January 2023                                     Management Consulting Project - University East Anglia 
-
Marketing strategy; analysed a CRM company's presence on Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn and 
Facebook.
-
Competitor benchmarking; - curated a table to identify key rivals such as market leader, Salesforce, 
and their competitive advantages. 
-
Creative design;  created an improved mock-up website for the client, including important features 
such as a live chat box, free trial and price listing (drive website trafﬁc and increase sales conversion).
September 2021- June 2022                                                                                   Study Abroad - South Korea  
-
Local collaboration; presented a marketing plan for a Korean company as a group. Learned to listen 
and communicate with both Korean and International students, understanding cultural differences and 
being open to contrasting opinions, overcoming disagreements. 
-
Research and analysis skills; prepared a paper which analysed the external environment of the aviation 
industry and presented this to fellow class members and the professor.  
-
Global marketing; observed Korean marketing campaigns e.g. celebrity endorsements appealing to 
young teens/adults for industries such as beauty, fast food, mobile phone providers, etc. 
-
Organisation; meticulously prepared for my year abroad by sorting multiple documents, budgeting and 
time managing. Demonstrated initiative and determination throughout the process despite COVID-19.  
-
Language exchange; contributed to a GAT ('Give and Take') program. Rewarded with a Level 2 
certificate for completing an Introductory Korean Course. 
December 2017 - 2020           Chinese Food Takeaway, Ipswich - Front House Customer Service Assistant  
-
Customer engagement; direct responsibility in taking face-to-face/telephone orders, and assisted 
customers with specific attention to customer preferences and dietary requirements, whilst providing 
appropriate alternatives based on this.  
-
Conflict resolution; the ability to offer quick yet effective solutions when customers were not satisfied.     
-
Interpersonal skills; relayed queries, recommendations or complaints from customers to kitchen staff 
using Cantonese and English.  
-
Efficiency; worked diligently in a fast-paced environment as a team of 8+ people.  
Volunteering 
2017 - 2019                                     Anglo-Chinese Cultural Exchange, Ipswich - Performing Artist  & staff 
-
Professionalism; annually performed/choreographed various acts for my local Chinese Community 
New Year showcases with 100+ attendees including important guests (Ipswich Mayor and MP).  
-
Event assistant and management; volunteered at Multicultural festivals and celebrations, helping in 
maintaining merchandise stalls. Also assisted backstage and organised rehearsals.  
November 2021                                                                               Instagram Takeover Project - South Korea     
-
Content creator; edited my own images taken during my study abroad to create engaging Instagram 
Stories/Highlights on my University's Instagram page.  
-
Engagement; set up a Q&A session where I answered students' questions regarding my year abroad 
experience and provided relevant advice/opinion. Responded to queries through DMs and email.  
Hobbies & Interests 
I am a new UGC creator on Tiktok with 700+ followers and love creating content for a variety of niches 
including skincare, fashion, travel and lifestyle. I take a keen interest in food culture and aspire to open a cafe 
in the future. I am also a Hip Hop Competition Team member for UEA Dance Society and have performed in 
front of celebrities/influencers.  
References and creative portfolio available upon request 
