 
  KASTHURI NARESH KUMAR 
 
 Contact no: +91 9030124591 
Email: kasthurinareshkumar68@gmail.com 
 
Career Objective: 
A motivated individual with in-depth knowledge of languages and development tools, possessing good interpersonal and 
analytical skills seeking a position in a growth-oriented company where I can use my skills to the advantage of the 
company while concurrently aiding my personal growth. 
Education: 
 
SNO 
Degree 
University/College  
Duration 
Percentage 
1 
Master's in Advance Computer 
Science 
Cardiff Metropolitan 
University, United Kingdom 
Jan 2020- Nov 
2021 
        64   
2 
Btech 
Geethanjali College of 
Engineering and Technology 
 2015- 
 2019 
 
        59 
3 
Intermediate 
Narayana Jr College 
2013-2015 
         93 
4 
Secondary School Education 
Sri Gurudatta High School 
2005-2013 
         92 
 
Skills:  
Programming Languages 
C, Python  
Backend Framework          
Django 
Frontend 
HTML, CSS 
Database 
MySQL 
Data Visualization Tool    
PowerBi  
Version Control                 
Github 
 
  
Object Oriented Programming Knowledge on Inheritance, Encapsulation, Polymorphism, Data Abstraction. 
  
Knowledge on Python Libraries like NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib and Beautiful Soup. 
  
Knowledge on Web scraping. 
  
Knowledge on Regular Expression. 
  
Knowledge on Multithreading. 
  
Knowledge on Advanced Functions on Python such as Lambda, Filter, Map, Generator. 
 
Work Experience: 
                     Associate System Engineer 
                                                                                           FEB  2022-Present 
                          Tata Consultancy Services, Hyderabad                                                                   
  
Identified possible system enhancements to improving functionality and streamline administration. 
  
Collaborated with quality assurance team to verify correct implementation of software development changes. 
  
Provided advice on project costs, design concepts, or design changes. 
  
Worked with software development and testing team members to design and develop robust solutions to meet 
client requirements for functionality, scalability, and performance. 
 
Training and Certification: 
  
PythonLife - Certified Professional in Python Language 
  
Certified as Microsoft Technical Associate (MTA) for Networking fundamental 
  
Trained on Web Development and designing using WordPress. 
  
Runner-up in Debugging competition held at CVSR college 
Projects: 
 
Key Strengths 
  Analytical Thinking. 
  Problem solving 
  Detail- Oriented. 
  Team work 
  Effective communication skills. 
Personal Information 
  
Date of Birth         :        Aug 06, 1997. 
  
Languages known :        English, Telugu, Hindi. 
  
Marital Status        :        Unmarried. 
  
Nationality            :        Indian. 
Declaration 
 I do declare that all the information enclosed is true and I thank you in advance for considering my application. I 
will be able to prove myself as an asset to your organization. 
Place : Hyderabad 
(NARESH KUMAR KASTHURI) 
 
 
 
 
Projects 
Description 
1) 
Railway Reservation Management System 
Requirements: Python, MySQL 
 
1) This Project is to find information on availability of trains, 
upon entering pick and drop details and the day of travel, we 
must get list of all the available trains with seats and the price. 
2) This system can be also integrated with a booking system 
and an end-to-end application can be created out of this. The 
Purpose of this project is to provide a seamless and hassle-
free system for the users to view their choice of trains 
 
2) 
Bank Management System 
Requirements: Python3, Date Time Module, MySQL. 
 
1)This is a simple console-based system 
2Features:1) open new account,2) Deposit, 3) Withdrawal, 4) 
Balance Enquiry, 5) Exit 
3)In brief, this project mainly focusses on CRUD. There is an 
external database connection file used in this project to save 
user's data permanently. 
 
3) 
Exploratory Data Analysis on Covid 19 Cases. 
Requirements: Python3, Date Time Module, Pandas, 
NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Jupyter Notebook. 
 
In This Project we did EDA on Covid Dataset using Pandas and 
NumPy Data Pre-processing is done and using Matplotlib we 
did Data Visualization and by using python 3 and Jupyter 
notebook. 
 
4) 
Django E-Commerce 
Requirements: Python3, Django Framework, MySQL 
1)This project deals with developing a Virtual website ‘E-
commerce Website'. User must create username and login to 
authenticate login. 
2)list of the various products available for purchase in the 
store will be shown, a shopping cart is provided to the user 
convince. it is sent for the order confirmation process. 
 
