Kelly Zhang
Senior Machine Learning Engineer
golive.future@gmail.com | +17856694192 | New York, New York, USA
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kelly-zhang-930752246/
PROFILE
Passionate and Hard working Machine Learning Engineer with relevant skills and experiences in Data Engineering and Data
Science. I have provided excellent suggestions and solutions to the companies so that they have touched over $13M.
EDUCATION
Bachelor's Degree / Computer Science, University of Pittsburgh
 Won the 1st place in programming competition
 Explored various aspects of artificial intelligence, including knowledge representation, reasoning, 
planning, and expert systems.
08/2008 - 08/2012
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Senior Machine Learning Engineer, KiwiTech
 Preprocess and analyze complex data sets to extract meaningful features and insights.
 Expertized in establishing MLOps pipeline for projects and ML algorithms including regression, 
classification, clustering
05/2018 - 05/2023
New York, USA
 Professionally experienced with AWS Lambda, Sagemaker, Kinesis, Firehose, Glue, Athena, EKS, 
EMR, Redshift, CodeBuild, CodeCommit and led as a technical advisor
 Mentor and guide junior team members, provide technical leadership, and contribute to 
knowledge sharing initiatives.
Machine Learning Engineer, Guardian Life Insurance Limited
 Implemented Cloud based 10+ Machine Learning projects with the combination of coding, 
relational database, MySQL, Oracle, Computer Science NLP and data-driven projects such as AI 
Poster, CRM and Recommendation System 
  Completed 10+ Deep Learning based computer vision, NLP projects using frameworks such as 
Tensorflow, PyTorch, Yolo Model and successfully deployed 5+ large-scale production AI solutions.
08/2016 - 05/2018
New York, USA
 Work closely with software engineers to integrate machine learning algorithms into software 
applications.
Machine Learning Intern, Federal Reserve Board of Governors
 Collected and analyzed data from news and social media sources, and developed 12+ predictive 
models for cryptocurrency futures trading.
 Designed Natural Language Processing (NLP) algorithms to valuate cryptocurrencies using 
sentiment analysis (Python, NLTK) and improved accuracy up to 96%.
08/2014 - 08/2016
Washington DC, USA
 Provided analytical support for the launch and management of new quantitative investment for 8 
products & strategies.
Full-stack Developer, Niji
 Developed 10+ new application features and distributed services that support high-scale 
applications
 Created Web Application that allowed 75k users to search for nearby hotels and restaurants based 
on their location with 97% accuracy.
09/2012 - 08/2014
Canton of Cesson, France
 Worked with a team of 30 developers that created several e-commerce websites using PHP, MySQL, 
JavaScript, React, Vue, Angular and so on within 8 months
SKILLS
Machine Learning (Python, AWS, GCP, Azure, Keras, Numpy, Scikit-Learn, CI/CD, ChatGPT, GPT4, Stable Diffusion, LLM, Computer
Vision, NLP, Docker, Kubernetes, LSTM, CNN, RNN, Spacy)
Full Stack Development (React.js, Angular.js, Node.js, JavaScript, TypeScript, ASP.NET, Flask, PHP, Django, RESTful API, SQL,
NoSQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL)
Programming (Python, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, R, Scala, Delphi)
