I have now spent 5 years in the digital world, creating marketing content in a variety of ways, and I have 
learnt a lot; I am still keen to grow and discover more. I started as a digital marketing apprentice and have 
worked my way up, successfully completing every challenge and potential pitfall along the way. Although it 
has been very busy, I have gained a wealth of knowledge in many areas and am excited at the opportunity 
to learn more.
I enjoy a good challenge and thrive in a busy environment. I have frequently been faced with tight deadlines, 
which I always meet, and have been told by work colleagues I always adapt quickly to any task given to me. 
Working for a smaller company has allowed me to show my capabilities doing tasks on my own but also 
how well I can communicate within a team to get the task completed to the highest standard.  
Milton Keynes College
  
CIM Level 4 award in digital 
marketing (Pass)
  
Principles of coding BCS Level 
3 (Pass)
  
Marketing principles Level 3 
(Pass)
  
Digital Marketing Level 3 (Pass)
Brand and Design Executive | June 2021 - May 2022 
It was my job to ensure all client facing collateral was branded correctly and designed to the highest level. I 
created all social media and website content as well  as event stands. I also designed presentations, reports and 
webinars for all members of the Springboard team. 
Marketing Executive | May 2020 - June 2021 
In this role I was able to put my skills to work and evaluate the marketing process we had in place and how 
to improve them. Within this time I created a new social  media strategy which improved engagement levels by 
43% on average across the channels. I also ran email campaigns for our new services and products. 
Digital Marketing Assistant | November 2018 - May 2020 
The team allowed me to assist with all marketing activities to expand my knowledge and gain expertise in certain 
areas. This included event work, email marketing and social media work. 
LAYLA GOTT  
CREATIVE DIGITAL MEDIA PRODUCER
Email: Lago7g@gmail.com
Social Media Content Producer | Jan 2023 - Present
  
Handle strategic planning, content strategy, and execution of posts across Wed2b's Instagram, Facebook, 
and TikTok.
  
Create all content that features on the Wed2b TikTok page. This includes BTS, Product based videos, Tiktok 
Trends, Competitions and fun brand awareness videos. 
  
Direct shoots on a biweekly basis capturing video and photo content for our socials. I create on-brand 
visuals using our photo studio, retail stores and location shoots.
  
Recieve a monthly budget for social shoots; I manage talent bookings, invoices, travel, locations and styling 
props.
  
Assist with the planning of campaign shoots with the design team. I ensure the appropriate content can be 
captured for socials, and additional images for use in emails and on the website.
Creative Graphic Designer | May 2022 - Jan 2023 
I created design guidelines for the social channels and newsletters to ensure the branding was cohesive and in 
line with new brand guidelines. I created a wide variety of new collateral for stores including posters, banners 
& flyers. I worked closely with the marketing and agency team to create a variety of static and video ads that 
featured on our social channels and in publications such as The Mirror.
SKILLS
SPRINGBOARD
WED2B
WORK EXPERIENCE
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Campaign Management
Marketing Strategy
Brand Strategy
EDUCATION
Graphic Design
Content Creation
Social Media Marketing
