Constellation4 Health
June '22 - Present
Executed a complete design overhaul of the JAANO Citizen Participation Platform, on 
web, mobile web, android and iOS app.
Designed the new JAANO EMitra platform, owning the complete design process and 
usability testing, collaborating with the PM and Tech lead for the same.
Conducted user research and designed the information architecture for the Swaniti 
Initiative website.
Collaborated with the PM to segment users and conduct user interviews and usability 
testing for both Jaano Citizen Participation Platform and EMitra platform.
Conducted workshops and brainstorming sessions with the internal team to align the 
team with the product mission and resolve sticking points.
May '21 - May ‘22
Mar '20 - Apr ‘21
behance.net/navonilroy1
linkedin.com/in/navonil-roy-7bba4b192
Freelance
UI/UX Designer
Product Designer
UI/UX Designer
behance.net/navonilroy1   roynavonil102@gmail.com
Navonil Roy
Swaniti Initiative
Owning high impact projects in 4 teams, collaborating with POs, Tech leads,  Marketing 
team and Delivery Managers to design solutions for US healthcare industry.
Designed the C4 Intelligent Network Manager solution and C4 Referral Management for 
“PCP” solution, owning the complete design process and collaborating with the PO 
and Tech lead for the same.
Owned the complete design process and delivered several projects including Aloy 
Studio, UX evaluation and revamp of Frinza, UI/UX revamp of KonnectzIT product.
Collaborated with the PMs and Developers of the respective teams in agile startup 
environments to ideate, design, test and iterate towards the best solutions.
Contributing directly to sales effort by creating custom  Interactive Prototypes that 
are used for Client Demos.
Laid down the foundations for the C4 design system that is being used across all C4 
solutions.
Revamped the C4 Provider Data Management and C4 Referral Management  
for “Specialist” solutions and aligned it to the C4 design system.
Portfolio
LinkedIn
roynavonil102@gmail.com
+91 8582938215
Experience
Design Tools:
Design Skills:
                                Adobe XD, 
Figma, Sketch, Miro, Webflow, 
Invision, Illustrator, Photoshop
                                User research, Personas, Competitive Analysis, Design Workshop, 
Information architecture, Journey Mapping, UX design, Iteration, UI design, Interactive 
Prototype, Usability Testing, A/B testing, Client and Stakeholder Presentations
Skills
Links
Contacts
Email
Phone
Bachelor of Technology
May '21
Heritage Institute of Technology
Electronics & Instrumentation
Education
