NEHA GUPTA
Product Designer
Sr. UI/UX Designer
Goal-focussed UI/UX 
designer. Worked on 
different projects including 
design of cryptocurrency 
exchange, mobile app, 
wireframes, and improved 
UX.
(UI/UX)
SUMMARY
8 years of experience with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software  
industry.
Proﬁciency in handling project independently.
Developed landing pages, dashboards and online applications using Adobe XD, Adobe 
Photoshop, and Adobe Illustrator.
Completed full redesigns of existing websites to improve navigation, enhance visuals and 
strengthen search engine rankings.
Explore the ways to enhance the user experience and create a value proposition for the 
end user of the product and services being offered for user engagement and product 
enhancement.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Collected, deﬁned and translated user requirements into project designs and 
implementation plans.
Work closely with product owners, software developers, and other designers to create 
innovative design solutions.
Product Design
UI/UX Design
Prototype
Wireframing
Grid & Layout
Web Usability
Interface Design
Image Editing
Developed landing pages, dashboards and online applications using Adobe XD, Adobe 
Photoshop, and Adobe Illustrator.
Create user flows, wireframes, low-ﬁdelity and high-ﬁdelity design mockups.
Experience working in agile and product-centered environment.
Created eye catching and produced design mockups and prototypes to strengthen 
designs, enhance user experiences and improve site interactions.
Present and defend designs and key milestone deliverables to peers and executive level 
stakeholders
Oodles Technologies
DEC 2017 - JUNE 2021
Sr. Web Designer
Created visual concepts using computer software like Adobe Photoshop, to communicate 
ideas that inspire, inform, or captivate consumers.
Developed the overall layout and production design for advertisements, brochures, 
magazines, and templates.
Developed team communications and information for meetings. 
Arihant Webtech Pvt Ltd
JUNE 2016 - NOV 2017
Graphics & Web Designer
Managed a large variety of property marketing activities, including branding, ads, 
brochure development, flyers/e-flyers, direct mail campaigns, invitations, 
announcements, marketing center items (boards, promotional items, signage, etc.)
Designed customized deliverables per team and stakeholders needs
Image correction, Cropping, Generate & Edit new images
iZeneth Innovative Technologies
JUNE 2014 - MAY 2016
AWARDS
DESIGN SKILLS
Communication
Critical Thinking
Postive Attitude
Willingness to Learn
SOFT SKILLS
Adobe XD 
Figma (Basic) 
Adobe Illustrator 
Adobe Photoshop 
Zeplin (Assets) 
Basic knowledge of HTML/CSS
SOFTWARE
nehag2124@gmail.com
9953682495
pixelplotting
ALGAPPA UNIVERSITY 
- 2013 to 2015
EDUCATION
M.Sc Computer Science
FRAMEBOXX - 2010 to 2013
B.Sc Animation & Multimedia
High School
D.A.V. Public School
Sr. UI/UX Designer
Classic Informatics
JULY 2021 - PRESENT
Bright beginner in Classic Informatics
Won The Addressya Bunch Of Flowers For Exceptional Team Efforts And Contributions
