NEHA BARANWAL
Ph.D (Human-Robot Interaction), Post-doc (Robot-Robot Collaboration)
 baranwal.neha24@gmail.com
 +919721397457
 Hyderabad, India
 https://scholar.google.co.in/citations?user=MBgGDPYAAAAJhl=en
 https://github.com/Neha-Baranwal
EXPERIENCE
Senior AI Researcher
Kaliber Labs, India
 February 2022 - Ongoing
 Hyderabad, India
Kaliber labs is a U.S. based startup that deals in U.S. healthcare sys-
tems. Here I am working as a senior ai researcher where my work is
to design the architecture of the project and assure its delivery.
  To hire more people into the team. Work allocation, monitoring
client deliveries, and identifying the gaps in the current process
ﬂow to propose machine learning solutions.
  Out of body segment classiﬁcation in surgery videos: Given the
endoscopy surgery videos, the task is to classify body segments
that are not part of the body using vgg-16 and ResNet-50. Here
we also applied diﬀerent augmentation techniques scaling rota-
tion etc.
  Scene change detection: Given the endoscopy video we try to
ﬁnd out where there is a change on the basis of anatomy and
tool. In this, we combined tool, anatomy and bad frame model to
get the proper results.
  Pathology Segmentation: Given the endoscopy video we look for
the pathology part and segment it. We used MaskRCNN, U-Net
model to get the proper segmentation.
ML/DS thesis supervisor
UpGrad, India
 January 2021 - Ongoing
 Part-Time
Upgrad is an education learning platform. It provides various courses
such as MBA, MS, Deploma etc. in ML/DS/AI.
  Supervising students in their master thesis.
Mentor
Great Learning, India
 January 2022 - Ongoing
 Part-Time
Great Learning is an educational learning platform. It provides vari-
ous courses such as MBA, MS, diploma, etc. in ML/DS/AI.
  Mentoring students in their projects.
  Taking sessions related to projects.
Senior Researcher
Montpellier University, France
 Nov 2020 - December 2021
 Montpellier, France
I am associated with the electronics lab (LIRMM) and worked on
seatizen project. As a part of the project, I worked on the classiﬁca-
tion of marine species and checked the health of the sea.
EDUCATION
Ph.D. in Human-Robot Interaction
Indian Institute of Information Technology,
Allahabad, India
 Nov2011 - Feb2017  CGPI: 9.0
Thesis title: On eﬀective human-robot inter-
action using multimodel techniques.
M.Tech. in Computer Science
KIIT University, Bhubaneswar, India
 Jul2009 - Jun2011
 CGPI: 8.89
Thesis title: Spread spectrum based audio
watermarking techniques.
M.Sc. in Computer Science
Allahabad University, Allahabad, India
 Jul2007 - Jun2009
 Per: 68%
COURSE WORK
Soft Computing
Image Processing
Robotics & Industrial Automation
Computer Vision
Pattern Recognition
Research Methodology
SKILLS
Machine Learning
         
Computer Vision
         
Deep Leaning
         
Natural Language Processing
         
Git
         
Jira
         
Slack
         
Docker
         
  Marine species classiﬁcation: Given the RGB images and their
meta data we classiﬁed marine species such as sea grass, sea cu-
cumber, ﬁsh, turtle etc. using ResNet-50, DensNet.
  Deep learning optimization: Given the deep learning algorithm
we optimized inferencing upto the level where it can be used in
microelectronic devices.
Associate Solution Leader
Brane Enterprises LLP
 April 2020 - Oct 2020
 Hyderabad
Brane is a private Indian startup that deals in AI and Robotics prod-
ucts, As a leader my responsibilities were:
  To hire more people into the team. Work allocation, monitoring
client deliveries, and identifying the gaps in the current process
ﬂow to propose machine learning solutions.
  To design the architecture of machine learning solutions.
  We had developed a no-code platform that helps user to load
the training population, conﬁgure the hyper parameters and then
allow training and deploy the model without writing a single line
of code. Here we used LSTM, graph neural network to make the
complete eco system.
Postdoctoral Researcher
Umea University, Sweden
 November, 2017 - Jan, 2020
 Umea, Sweden
During the postdoc, I worked on humanoid robots. We train them
to assist humans in the household scenarios.
  We designed a dialogue based human robot interaction system
that allows humans, to talk to the robot.
  A dialogue generation system is added to translate robot's action
into the natural language so that they would be understandable.
Associate Process Manager
eClerx Services Limited
 April, 2016 - August, 2017
 Navi-Mumbai, India
eClerx is an Indian IT consulting and outsourcing multinational
company. I worked there as a full stack developer and my job was
to design and develop NLP, ML solutions. Here i used word2vec,
globe, Spacy parcer, Baye's network, SVM. We used image prepro-
cessing to improve OCR (tresseract, google) accuracy, further to
integrate these solutions with RPA system. I have supervised junior
members of the team.
RESEARCH PROJECTS
Fusion of gesture and speech for increased accuracy in
human robot interaction
Umea University, Sweden
An approach for decision-level fusion for gesture and speech based
human-robot interaction (HRI) is proposed. A rule-based method is
compared with several machine learning approaches. Gestures and
speech signals are initially classiﬁed using hidden Markov models,
reaching accuracies of 89.6 percent and 84 percent respectively. The
rule-based approach reached 91.6 percent while SVM, which was the
Headless servers
         
MOST PROUD OF

Seatizen Project (2020-2025)
Selected for the Post-Doc position on
health monitoring of underwater sea
species at LIRMM Montpellier, France.

Postdoc funding from Kemphe Foun-
dations, Sweden
Received 2.5 years of research fund-
ing to pursue my postdoctoral work
in Human-Robot Interaction at Umea
University, Sweden.

Spot Award for project negative news
analysis
Selected for spot award at eClerx, In-
dia.

DST travel grant, India
Selected for DST travel grant for at-
tending 35th IEEE TENCON 2015 con-
ference held in Macao, china, 1-4 Nov.
2015 at IIITA, India.

Best paper award
My publication got selected for best
paper award in 3rd IEEE International
Conference on Advances in Comput-
ing, Communications, and Informatics
(ICACCI 2014) at IIITA, India.
 MHRD, India PH.D Fellowship
Selected for the Ph.D under the
robotics and AI lab, IIITA
PROGRAMMING SKILLS
Python
         
MATLAB
         
INVITED TALKS
An Empirical Review of Calibration
Techniques for the Pepper Humanoid
Robot's RGB and Depth Camera
Intelligent Systems and Applications.
 5th Sept 2019
 London, England
Occasion: Presented conference paper in
IntelliSys 2019.
Fusion of Gesture and Speech for In-
creased Accuracy in Human Robot
Interaction
best of all evaluated machine learning algorithms, reached an accu-
racy of 98.2 percent on the test data. A complete framework is de-
ployed in real time humanoid robot (NAO) which proves the eﬃcacy
of the system.
Techniques: Multi-Layer Perceptron, CNN, DWT
Platform: Python, Choregraphe, TensorFlow.
Understandable Collaborating Robot Teams
Umea University, Sweden
We investigate understandability for teams of robots collaborating to
solve a common task. We present a novel and ﬂexible solution based
on Cooperating Distributed Grammar Systems and a multi-agent al-
gorithm for coordination of actions. The solution is implemented and
evaluated on three Pepper robots collaborating to solve a task while
commenting on their own and other robots' current and planned ac-
tions.
Techniques: Cooperating Distributed Grammar System, Multi-
Agent System, Natural Language Generation.
Platform: Python, Choregraphe.
Development of a framework for human-robot interac-
tions with Indian sign language using possibility theory
IIIT, Allahabad, India
This paper demonstrates the capability of NAO humanoid robot to
interact with hearing impaired persons using Indian Sign Language
(ISL). Principal contributions of the paper are: wavelet descriptor has
been applied to extracting moment invariant shape future of hand
gestures and possibility theory (PT) has been used for classiﬁcation of
gestures. Preprocessing and extraction of overlapping frames (start
and end point of each gesture) are the other major events which have
been solved using background modeling and novel gradient method.
We have shown that the overlapping frames are helpful for fragment-
ing a continuous ISL gesture into isolated gestures. These isolated
gestures are further processed and classiﬁed. During the segmenta-
tion process some of the geometrical features like shape and orien-
tation of hand are deformed, which has been overcome by extracting
a new moment invariant feature through wavelet descriptor. These
features are then combined with the other two features (orienta-
tion and speed) and are classiﬁed using PT. Here we use PT in place
of probability theory because possibility deals with the problem of
uncertainty and impression whereas probability handles only uncer-
tainty issues. Experiments have been performed on 20 sentences of
continuous ISL gestures having 4000 samples where each sentence
having 20 instances. In this dataset 50
Techniques: Possibility Theory, Nao Speech Engine, HMM.
Platform: Matlab, Choregraphe, NAOqi.
INDUSTRIAL PROJECTS
Out of body segment classiﬁcation
Kaliber Labs
We designed an algorithm that would classify out-of-body segments
from endoscopy videos. We applied ResNet-50 and CNN+LSTM to
classify images. Total 50000 images was used where 60 percent is
used for training and 30 percent was used for validation and 10 per-
cent was used for testing. Window based smoothing was used as
postprocessing to get a better result. To handle the datadrift prob-
lem we trained the model using semi supervised learning approach.
25th International Conference on Methods
and Models in Automation and Robotics
 24th Aug 2019
 Międzyzdroje, Poland
Occasion: Presented conference paper in
MMAR 2019.
Deep Learning
3-Day workshop at LIRMM, Montpellier
University, France
 22nd July-24 July 2021
 Montpellier, France
Occasion: Organized 3-day workshop on
deep learning.
Understandable human-robot inter-
action
Computing science department, Umea Uni-
versity
 18th June 2019
 Umea, Sweden
Occasion: Poster presentation in 31st Swedish
AI Society Workshop.
Robotic Manipulator and sketch draw-
ing
WASP-Wallenberg Foundation
 11th April 2018
 Stockholm, Sweden
Occasion: Presented live demo in AI4X- Col-
lecting Ideas and Identifying Challenges for
Future AI Research in Sweden.
Robotics
Department of Electronics and CSE SUIIT,
Sambalpur University, Burla, Odisha, India
 30th April 2021
 Sambalpur, India
Occasion: Delivered talk in International
workshop on recent advancements in elec-
tronica and computer advancement.
Deep Learning
LIRMM, Montpellier University, France
 28th June 2021
 Montpellier, France
Occasion: Delivered talk at MIC DAY orga-
nized by Microelectronics department.
Artiﬁcial Intelligence and the Future
of Robotics
Centre for Artiﬁcial Intelligence, Banasthali
University, Rajasthan, India
 22nd March 2021
 Rajasthan, India
Occasion: Delivered talk at Faculty Develop-
ment Programme on Artiﬁcial Intelligence,
Robotics, and Automation.
Techniques: Vgg-16, ResNet-50, CNN+LSTM
Platform: Python, TensorFlow, Keras.
Scene change detection
Kaliber Labs
We are given an endoscopy videos, our task is to identify changes on
the basis of tool and anatomy. Here we used 4 models (Inside/outside,
good/bad, anatomy and tool) clubbed together and get the ﬁnal out-
put which we saved in csv ﬁle where each column represents the
results of one algorithm. Distance based method is used to identify
changes presents in csv ﬁle. Smoothing is also used to remove out-
liers.
Techniques: Transfer Learning, MASKRCNN, U-Net
Platform: Python, TensorFlow, Keras.
Email Classiﬁcation
Credit Suisse International
A classiﬁcation system requires two things, features which can rep-
resent the sample in the feature space (vector form) and classiﬁer
who will classify these feature to their respective classes. We have
used bag of words, nGram, and TF-IDF to deﬁne the features while
Linear, Naïve Bayes, Support Vector Machines are used to classify
these emails to one of the deﬁned classes. Since email signatures,
Images etc. are not required in email classiﬁcation. A separate pre-
processing module is written for email cleansing.
Techniques: TD-IDF, Bayes (Multinomial, Unigram), Linear Classi-
ﬁer, SVM.
Platform: Python, Scikit, Numpy, Beautifulsoup, NLTK, SQL.
Negative News Scanning
eClerx Services
We need to ﬁnd the relative information about the person/organization
from the given sources(websites) and then estimate that the extract
information is positive or negative. Here the term negative symbol-
izes that the entity is involved in money laundering or any illegal ac-
tivity in the past. We used web scrapping to download the informa-
tion and then applied anaphora resolution to identify the sentences
related to the entity. Later we used sentiment analysis over the col-
lected samples.
Techniques: TD-IDF, nGram (unigram, bigram, trigram), Logistic Re-
gression, SVM.
Platform: Python, Scikit, Numpy, Beautifulsoup, NLTK.
Intent Classiﬁcation
Brane enterprises LLP
Intent Detection and Slot Filling is the task of interpreting user com-
mands/queries by extracting the intent and the relevant slots. HR
dataset was considered. The slots are labeled in the BIO (Inside Out-
side Beginning) format (similar to NER). Encoding was extracted us-
ing Bert then these encodings was fed into LSTM model to get the
intent and slot.
Techniques: Bert, LSTM.
Platform: Python, Tensorﬂow, Keras.
SELECTED PUBLICATIONS
 Journal Articles
Possibility Theory based Continuous
Indian Sign Language Gesture Recog-
nition
TENCON a premier international technical
conference of IEEE Region 10
 1st Nov 2015
 Macau, China
Occasion: Presented conference paper in
TENCON 2015.
CERTIFICATIONS
Social network analysis (SNAW'12)
Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata, India
 27 June - 28 June 2012
Occasion: National workshop organized by
Center for Soft Computing Research.
Computing Techniques and Applica-
tions
Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi, India
 1 July - 7 July 2012
Occasion: National workshop cum training
program organized by Mathematics Depart-
ment.
Machine Learning
Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur, India
 1 July - 3 July 2013
Occasion: 1st Indian Workshop organized by
computer science department.
Image Processing, Computer Vision
and Pattern Recognition
National Institute of Technology Delhi, India
 18th June - 22 June 2013
Occasion: Faculty Development Program
organized by computer science department.
PDE Modeling and Computation
Indian Institute of Technology Madras, India
 21 Oct - 25 Oct 2013
Occasion: DAAD Supported International
Workshop organized by Department of Math-
ematics.
ACADEMIC SERVICES
  Organizing committee member of “SERB
sponsored 1st summer school on robotics”,
organized by IIIT Allahabad.
  Served as a Publicity Chair in Second In-
ternational Symposium on Women in
Computing and Informatics (WCI-2014).
  Singh, Avinash Kumar, Neha Baranwal, Kai-Florian Richter, Thomas
Hellström, et al. (2020b). “Verbal explanations by collaborating
robot teams”. In: Paladyn, Journal of Behavioral Robotics 12.1,
pp. 47-57.
  Baranwal, Neha and Gora Chand Nandi (2017a). “A mathematical
framework for possibility theory-based hidden Markov model”.
In: International Journal of Bio-Inspired Computation 10.4, pp. 239-
247.
  - (2017b). “An eﬃcient gesture based humanoid learning using
wavelet descriptor and MFCC techniques”. In: International Jour-
nal of Machine Learning and Cybernetics 8.4, pp. 1369-1388.
  Baranwal, Neha, Gora Chand Nandi, and Avinash Kumar Singh
(2017). “Real Time Gesture Based Communication Using Possi-
bility Theory Based Hidden Markov Model”. In: Computational
Intelligence 33.4, pp. 843-862.
  Baranwal, Neha, Avinash Kumar Singh, and Gora Chand Nandi
(2017). “Development of a Framework for Human-Robot inter-
actions with Indian Sign Language Using Possibility Theory”. In:
International Journal of Social Robotics 9.4, pp. 563-574.
  Baranwal, Neha, Shweta Tripathi, and Gora Chand Nandi (2014).
“A speaker invariant speech recognition technique using HFCC
features in isolated Hindi words”. In: International Journal of Com-
putational Intelligence Studies 3.4, pp. 277-291.
 Conference Proceedings
  Singh, Avinash Kumar, Neha Baranwal, and Kai-Florian Richter
(2020). “A Fuzzy Inference System for a Visually Grounded Robot
State of Mind”. In: Proceedings of the Europian conference on ar-
tiﬁcal intelligence, (ECAI 2020), Santiago de Compostela, Spain, 29
Aug-2 Sept 2020. Spain: ECAI2020.
  Singh, Avinash Kumar, Neha Baranwal, Kai-Florian Richter, Thomas
Hellström, et al. (2020a). “Understandable collaborating robot
teams”. In: International Conference on Practical Applications of
Agents and Multi-Agent Systems. Springer, pp. 168-178.
  Baranwal, Neha, Avinash Kumar Singh, and Suna Bench (2019).
“Extracting primary objects and spatial relations from sentences”.
In: 11th International Conference on Agents and Artiﬁcial Intelli-
gence, Prague, Czech Republic, 19-21 February 2019.
  Baranwal, Neha, Avinash Kumar Singh, and Thomas Hellström
(2019). “Fusion of gesture and speech for increased accuracy in
human robot interaction”. In: 2019 24th International Conference
on Methods and Models in Automation and Robotics (MMAR). IEEE,
pp. 139-144.
  Baranwal, Neha, Kumud Tripathi, and GC Nandi (2015). “Possibil-
ity theory based continuous Indian Sign Language gesture recog-
nition”. In: TENCON 2015-2015 IEEE Region 10 Conference. IEEE,
pp. 1-5.
  Baranwal, Neha, Neha Singh, and GC Nandi (2014). “Indian sign
language gesture recognition using discrete wavelet packet trans-
form”. In: 2014 International Conference on Signal Propagation and
Computer Technology (ICSPCT 2014). IEEE, pp. 573-577.
  IEEE Professional Student Member.
LANGUAGES
Hindi
         
English
         
French
         
Swedish
         
REFERENCES
Prof. G C Nandi
 Indian Institute of Information Technol-
ogy, Allahabad, India
 gcnandi@iiita.ac.in
Prof. Thomas Hellström
 Umeå universitet
 thomas.hellstrom@umu.se
Declaration
I hereby declare that the above mentioned particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date:
Place:
Neha Baranwal
