1 
 
CAREER OBJETIVE 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
PROJECTS 
 
 
 
To work with a reputed organization which provides me challenging environment & 
encourages continuous learning and creativity, which stimulate both personal as well as 
professional growth, and to benefit both the organization as well as my career. 
 
 
 Coding Languages: 
 Front-end Development: - HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript 
 Back-end Development: -  Python Programming, Java, C. 
 Framework: Django, MVT. 
 Operating Systems: Windows. 
 Tools: JIRA, Postman. 
 
Databases: My-SQL, SQL. 
 
 
1. Project Name: E-Commerce Management 
 Description: Ecommerce or electronic commerce is the trading of goods and services 
on the internet. It is your bustling city center or brick-and-mortar shop translated into 
zeroes and ones on the internet superhighway. 
 Roles and Responsibilities: 
 Design engaging and effective category and marketing landing pages based on creative 
direction from Management. 
 Establish a scalable and reusable template(s) for our clients' category and marketing 
landing pages. 
 Utilize insights from research and analytics to form new design solutions. 
               See through a project from conception to finished product.  
 Ensure consistent performance on all major devices/browsers, including fast load times 
and bug-free core functionality with a focus on mobile optimization and performance. · 
Gather and refine website requirements and specifications based on technical needs 
and industry practices. 
Name: Niraj Somnath Nikam 
Address:At Post. Charoli Bk.Tal.Haveli 
Dist. Pune (412105) Maharashtra. 
Email ID: nikam2000niraj@gmail.com 
Mob No: +91- 9850713988 
2 
 
SKILLS 
EDUCATION 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 Maintenance of HTML/CSS/JavaScript for existing web sites. 
  Troubleshoot coding issues and bugs. 
 Developing SEO/PPC Strategy/Marketing Plans 
 Developing Schedules and Timescales 
 
2. Project Name: Hospital Management System. 
 Description: Hospital Management System is a system enabling hospitals to 
manage information and data related to all aspects of healthcare - processes, 
providers, patients, and more, which in turn ensures that processes are 
completed swiftly and effectively. 
 Roles and Responsibilities: 
 Assisting the development team with all facets of software design and coding is the 
role of entry-level Software Developers 
 Some of their main responsibilities include learning the code base 
 participating in design meetings 
 Helping the Development Manager with all design-related software developer job 
duties. 
 
 
 Project Management 
 Critical Thinking 
 Good Communication 
 Emotional Intelligence 
 Problem Solving 
 Software and application knowledge 
 Team Work 
 Administrative 
 
 Certification Course: Python full stack development in Perfect IT Solution. 
 BE: Completed from SPPU University in year 2022 with aggregate of 8.72. 
 
 
Date of Birth: 17th July 2000 
Marital Status: Un-married. 
Languages: Marathi, English, Hindi 
Strengths: Positive attitude, Effective Presentation, Management 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 
Place: 
(Niraj Somnath Nikam) 
