Nyaradzo Chinoputsa 
Barnsley, UK (Willing to relocate) 
Mobile: +447907715301 
Email: nchinoputsa@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: https://uk.linkedin.com/in/nyaradzo-chinoputsa-0a9434132 
 
Profile  
A MSc in Global Marketing Management Graduate from The University of Sheffield and a BA (Hons) 
International Business with French and a Year Abroad Graduate. Committed and driven with experience in sales 
and customer service. I can work with a range of audiences and my international work experience in hospitality 
and tourism has enhanced my adaptability. My work experience as a Student Representative has enhanced my 
organisational and time management skills. I have a passion for creativity, and I am currently looking for entry-
level marketing, sales, customer-focused and social media marketing roles.  
 
Skills Profile  
  
First-Class Honours in my Marketing Dissertation.  
  
Outstanding communication and team-building skills developed through networking, hospitality, 
and tourism work experience and study abroad.    
  
Enhanced my flexibility, organisational and time management skills by balancing my studies with 
my work commitments - Overseas experience in the United States of America.  
  
Developed rapport and relationships with other students and staff members by attending meetings 
regularly at the University of Hertfordshire - Leadership role as a Student Representative.  
  
Organisation and time management - I enjoy working in a team by working collectively to meet 
deadlines and targets.  
Education  
MSc in Global Marketing Management at The University of Sheffield - September 2021- September 2022  
  
Relevant Modules: International Consumer Behaviour, Global Marketing, Marketing 
Communications. 
  
Dissertation Topic: A study of how Tik Tok influencers develop consumer and brand relationships 
in the UK context. 
BA (Hons) International Business with French and a Year Abroad at Bishop's University, Canada. 
Completed an Industrial Placement at Walt Disney World Parks and Resorts Inc. (2:1) -September 2016- 
May 2020.  
  
Certificate in Hospitality and Tourism Management -The University of California, Riverside 
Extension (June 2018-January 2019) - Disney's Academic Exchange Programme  
  
BBA Business Administration - Bishop's University, Canada (Study Abroad) (January 2019-May 
2019).  
Barnsley Sixth Form College 2014-2016  
  
A ‘Level Citizenship Studies, Health and Social Care, Sociology.  
 
Barnsley College 2014-2015  
  
Music Performance (QCF) - Distinction 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Professional Work Experience  
Marketing Assistant at The University of Sheffield (UNICUS Sheffield Ltd) 
Present Day (Part-Time) 
  
Delivery of multi-channel marketing activity for Accommodation and Commercial Services. 
  
Coordinating marketing projects and campaigns to ensure successful delivery, including research, 
print, digital, social and email marketing. 
  
Managing social media to maximise engagement, including Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter. 
  
Updating websites to drive engagement and ensure accuracy and relevance. 
  
Using Mail Chimp to create and produce content for e-newsletters. 
Alumni Ambassador for The Internship Experience - The Bright Network UK  
  
Networking and connecting with students.  
  
Promoting the internship experience to peer groups on social media channels.  
  
Sharing sector stream experiences with other students. 
  
Sharing key learnings from my experience on the Internship Experience UK 2020.  
NCS Assistant Recruitment Coordinator, Sheffield Wednesday Community Programme  
April 2021 - July 2021  
  
mplementing and coordinating a high quality NCS experience to a team of up to 15 Young People. 
  
Supporting the Team Leader in engaging with local volunteer centre, community groups and 
charities for social action project opportunities.  
  
Using salesforce to promote NCS events and to monitor weekly KPIs. 
  
Consulting with the Education Department to produce and promote social media posts on 
LinkedIn, Facebook, and Instagram through SWCCP Social Media Pages. 
Walt Disney World Cast Member, Walt Disney World Resort, Orlando, Florida, USA.  
July 2018 - January 2019  
Merchandise Customer Service Assistant   
  
Delivered guest services during busy seasons such as Christmas and Thanksgiving.  
  
Excellent customer service skills, working on the frontline and proficiently displayed diplomacy in 
handling and resolving guest queries.  
  
Developed skills such as teamwork as I worked with other individuals daily, all staff would help 
one another to ensure that the business operated smoothly.  
  
Effective communication and teamwork were paramount to success. 
Front of House Cast Member  
  
Accommodated guests with world-class customer service whilst on the frontline.  
  
Fulfilled guests' requests, multi-tasking, managing inventory, ensuring that sales targets were met. 
  
Educated and informed guests about the ethos of the organisation.  
  
Developed strong interpersonal skills by ensuring that service was delivered to guests on time. 
Student Representative for BA (Hons) International Business - University of Hertfordshire  
September 2016 - May 2018.  
  
Nominated by International Business classmates.  
  
Attended Business School meetings, reported and discussed with other business school students 
about what improvements could be made at the business school.  
  
Gathered information from the student body about what aspects of the course they enjoyed and 
what could be improved.  
  
Developed skills such as planning and leadership by building rapport with programme leaders.  
Awards/Achievements  
  
Frettwell-Downing Scholarship, 2021  
  
Certificate in Hospitality and Tourism Management, 2019 (University of California). 
  
Organizational Leadership, American Council on Education, 2018 (University of California).  
Extra-Curricular Activities  
  
Caribbean African Students Association, 2019 (Bishop's University). 
  
Student Representative, University of Hertfordshire, 2017, 2018 (University of Hertfordshire).  
  
Entrepreneurs Society 2016-2017 (University of Hertfordshire) - Active Member  
Interests  
I enjoy cooking, exploring social media, listening to music, and travelling. I hold a full and clean UK Driver's 
License.  
References 
Emma Chorley - Manager at UNICUS Sheffield Ltd (e.chorley@sheffield.ac.uk)  
Natasha Khilji - Programme Leader for International Business (g.khilji@herts.ac.uk)  
