PETER BORÁK
FREELANCE FILMMAKER
LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM
+352 691 726 648
DETAILS
London
United Kingdom
+352 691 726 648
petborak@gmail.com
LINKS
Linkedin Profile
Vimeo profile
SKILLS
Video Editing
Adobe Premiere Pro
Adobe After Effects
Avid Media Composer
Final Cut Pro X
Cinematography
Adaptability
Teamwork
Ability to Work Under Pressure
Leadership Skills
Communication Skills
Creativity
Fast Learner
LANGUAGES
English
Slovak
Czech
German
HOBBIES AND INTERESTS
PROFILE
Hard-working and eager to learn young filmmaker, currently enrolled in an MA 
Filmmaking degree at the world renowned London Film School. Prior to this, Peter has 
worked as a key asset in the video production sector for audit giant PwC, as well as 
studying at the prestigious National Film and Television School, Beaconsfield, United 
Kingdom. He was also a part of the esteemed "Enterprise by Design" internship organized 
by Pontio Arts and Innovation Centre, in partnership with Bangor University, in 2020. 
EDUCATION
MA Filmmaking , London Film School , London
January 2023 — Present
Chosen for an MA Filmmaking degree at the UK’s oldest film school, specialising 
in training students for the film and television industry, many of whose works and 
contributions annually qualify for top festivals such as Locarno, Berlinale, Edinburgh and 
LaCinef. 
Experienced with camera operating (both digital and film), editing with industry standard 
AVID Media Composer editing software among other specialist roles.
Certificate in Filmmaking, National Film and Television School (NFTS), Beaconsfield
October 2021 — April 2022
Selected for an annual certificate program in Filmmaking at the NFTS, Beaconsfield, 
United Kingdom.
Bachelor of the Arts - Creative Studies BA (Hons), Bangor University, Bangor, Wales
September 2018 — July 2021
Obtained a First-Class Honours degree classification in Creative Studies, a bachelor's 
degree consisting of modules in Practical Filmmaking, Animation, Film Distribution & 
Marketing, Video Game Design and Contemporary Theatre Practice. 
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Video Production Intern at Price Waterhouse Coopers, Luxembourg
November 2021 — April 2022
Part of the core video production team at PwC Luxembourg, specializing in 
creating and delivering high-end video content for clients, many involving major 
international players. These include, but are not limited to - shooting advertising 
campaigns, webisodes, news-style reports, major company events, interviews and 
various conferences among others. 
Experienced in live broadcast recording and MCR operation, camera operating, 
teleprompter directing, podcasting as well as all major forms of post production 
processes including editing, minor animation and vfx work and graphic design done 
through the Adobe suite.
Content Creator (Part-Time) at Filmzie , Bratislava, Slovakia
October 2020 — October 2021
Video content creator for the Filmzie streaming network's dedicated YouTube channel; 
creating added value content videos, that pertain to filmmaking techniques found within 
the films the company's catalog has on offer.  This entails namely writing scripts, editing, 
creating special effects through Adobe After Effects software and various voice over work.
Filmmaking and animation
Amateur photography
Alternative music
Contemporary literature
Vintage fashion
INTERNSHIPS
Student Intern at Enterprise by Design, Bangor, Wales, United Kingdom
January 2020 — April 2020
Part of Enterprise by Design, a 10-week long annual event, organised by Bangor 
University and Pontio Arts and Innovation Centre in conjunction with local businesses 
in North Wales, bringing students from four different disciplines - Business, Science, 
Arts, and Engineering - together to form teams and create innovative ideas that will help 
enhance the local economy.
REFERENCES
Jean-Francois Lens  from  PwC Luxembourg
jean-francois.lens@pwc.com · +352 621 336 005
Dr. Dyfrig Jones  from  Bangor University
dyfrig.jones@bangor.ac.uk · +44 1248388456
Dr. Eben Muse  from  Bangor University
e.muse@bangor.ac.uk · +44 1248388628
Dr. Steffan Thomas  from  Bangor University
s.w.thomas@bangor.ac.uk · +44 1248383656
