Pranjali Gaonkar
London, United Kingdom - +44 74 35 508 504
pranjaligaonkar@gmail.com - LinkedIn
SUMMARY
A budding marketer, creative thinker, and strategic planner. Completed Masters in Strategic Marketing at the
University of Greenwich and obtained a bachelor's degree in media and specialized in Advertising. Skilled in
content creation and marketing research for digital mediums. Highly motivated to embrace any challenges and a
firm believer in continuous learning. Enthusiastic to work individually or in a team to produce the desired result. I
look forward to enhancing my knowledge and skills by working for a marketing organization with a complex
management structure to upgrade my management skills.
EXPERIENCE
Junior Researcher
September 2022 - Present (London)
Bonhill Intelligence
 
Carried out a variety of tasks and duties to support the research function, the research is focused on financial services and
includes tracking forward looking investment strategies of fund selectors across the globe; handling historic fund flow data;
and, compiling extensive ESG data in terms of tracking which funds are rated ESG compliant across some of the major ESG
rating agencies.
 
Ensured the report is accurate by carefully reviewing it and discussing it with other departments.
 
Build relationships by coordinating with the local agencies to present the key data.
 
Liaised with the auditors to measure the team performance consistently.
 
Created surveys and email campaigns to boost the participation of the new customers.
Customer Sales Assistant
June 2022 - September 2022
(London)
Bershka
 
Supervised the cash desk within a timely manner and provided financial reports to the managers.
 
Investigated and resolved customer discrepancies aligned with the management and provided an 85% satisfaction rate.
 
Supervised the incoming delivery and stock replenishment on the floor.
 
Identified and implemented promotional offers for products eventually leading to an upsell.
Sales/Admission Assistant
August 2020 - December 2020
Skillsoft Overseas Education, Mumbai
 
Managed a detailed student database and ensured that the data was updated and kept secured.
 
Catered to the student queries through emails and telephonic conversations. Supported students who did not have English
as their first language and required special assistance.
 
Guided the students with the application process of applying to British universities and assisted them in collating their
documents for the application.
Junior Marketing Assistant
January 2020 - August 2020
GlobalSkill App, Mumbai
 
Designed the creative assets for the products involving multiple creative elements.
 
Successfully pitched multi-channel marketing strategy to various sponsors.
Correspondent
January 2019- December 2019
Adgully Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai
 
Responsible for handling social media content for the company on various platforms for event promotions.
 
Achieved 10% more traffic on media platforms by strategizing SEO techniques.
 
Responsible for writing creative content for the company and engaging various customers.
 
Handled the timely release of the press.
 
Managed and released the transcribes of the video and the audio files.
EDUCATION
MA Strategic Marketing
September 2021 - September 2022 (London)
University of Greenwich, London
Distinction
BA Mass Media
September 2017 - September 2020 (Mumbai
Mumbai University, Mumbai
First Class Degree
CERTIFICATION
Creative Certification Exam
March 2023 (London)
Google Digital Academy
Google Ads Creative Certification
March 2023 (London)
Google Digital Academy
Google Ads Search Certification
March 2023 (London)
Google Digital Academy
Google Analytics for Beginners Certificate
August 2022 (London)
Google
MILT Leadership Certificate
November 2018 (Mumbai)
MILT Training Foundation
SKILLS
Marketing Skills
Analytics
Customer Research
Market Research
Content Creation
Customer Segmentation
Presentation
Content Management
Database Management
Social Media
Copywriting
GDPR
Storytelling
Customer Relationship Management
Lead Nurturing
Interpersonal skills
Public Speaking
Teamwork
Decision Making
Management
Communication
Time Management
Team Leadership
Customer Service
Critical Thinking
Conflict Management
Tools and Technologies
Adobe Creative Cloud
Microsoft Excel
SPSS Statistics
Adobe Illustrator
Microsoft Office Suite
Tableau
Adobe Photoshop
Microsoft PowerPoint
Microsoft Word
