 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/hemansnation
(LinkedIn)
www.himanshuramchandani.co/
(Personal)
hemansai.com/ (Company)
masterdexter.live/ (Company)
Top Skills
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Entrepreneurship
Data Science
Languages
English (Professional Working)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Publications
Python for Absolute Beginners, Non-
Tech Professional Background, This
is all you need 
Himanshu Ramchandani
Data & Engineering Consultant • I help enterprises utilize big data to
build AI-powered products • Mentor professionals to improve their
skills in the data field by 1% every day.
Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India
Summary
Strategic Data & Engineering Consultant, Help startups utilize big
data to build AI-powered products and mentor professionals to
improve their skills in the data field by 1% every day.
• Over six years of experience in developing Python and JavaScript
applications, including analysis, system design, and development.
• Have experience working for industry clients, including healthcare,
artificial intelligence, finance, and education institutions.
• Developed data pipeline and ﬂow on AWS, and GCP on the
projects for the team of engineers. Monitoring and generating
Analytical reports on the institution data for admission and
academics. 
• Conducted more than 400+ webinars on Data Science and Artiﬁcial
Intelligence.
• Worked with data, applying statistical models, designing the ﬂow of
the data product, and monitoring the end-to-end products.
• Worked on different projects in multiple domains like Finance,
Education, Healthcare, Public Sector.
• Image Analytics with Computer Vision, speciﬁcally weapon
detection. 
• Deep Learning powered NLP Chatbot in Public Sector.
DataDexter - Data Engineering services and work
 
Page 1 of 4
 
 
• Building our Data Engineering Infrastructure using Apache
Nifi, Apache AirFlow, Elasticsearch, and Kibana. PostgreSQL,
pyAdmin, Reading and writing files, working with databases,
cleaning, transforming, and enriching data pipelines.
• Deploying Data Pipelines to production, version control, monitoring,
deploying, and building production data pipelines.
• Batch processing, Building Kafka cluster, Streaming Data with
Apache Kafka, Data Processing with Apache Spark
• Docker and Kubernetes.
Mentor work
• Trained 5000+ Computer Science enthusiasts in Data Science,
Machine Learning, Full Stack Web Development, and major project
development, with technologies like Python, SQL, Machine Learning,
Statistics, Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Scikit-Learn.
• Recruited, interviewed, and hired 100+ developers to keep up with
partner company's growth and expansion.
• Hosted more than 50 in-house AI Hackathons.
• 500+ Free sessions on Python, Machine Learning, Git GitHub,
NLP, Computer Vision, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and ReactJS.
• Built a community of 5000+ Data Scientists by generating quality
content on Artiﬁcial Intelligence and subﬁelds like machine learning,
deep learning, NLP, and computer vision.
Research Thesis
Knowledge tracing is the personation of student knowledge over time
with advanced machine learning algorithms.
Experience
 
Page 2 of 4
 
 
HemansAI
Founder & Data Consultant
September 2018 - Present (4 years 11 months)
Indore Area, India
We build AI-powered data products using NLP, Computer Vision, Data
Engineering, and Full Stack Software Development.
- Design and development of custom AI algorithms and models
- Integration of AI technology into existing applications
- Data management and analysis
- Prototyping and proof-of-concept development
Our team could help your startup with AI solutions, allowing them to full-scale
development.
MasterDexter
Chief Data Scientist
August 2019 - Present (4 years)
Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India
MasterDexter Live
6 years 1 month
Mentor | Data Science
December 2019 - Present (3 years 8 months)
Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India
We provide trained data professionals for startups and businesses.
Machine Learning Engineer
July 2018 - Present (5 years 1 month)
Indore
Python Developer
July 2017 - Present (6 years 1 month)
Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India
Programming World
Co-Founder | Mentor
January 2017 - Present (6 years 7 months)
India
 
Page 3 of 4
 
 
Programming World, an institute for Technical Education. We provide a
platform for students to develop their skills in discrete fields of Computer
Science and Information Technology.
Education
Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya
Master of Technology - MTech, Data Science · (2019 - 2021)
Medicaps University
Bachelor's degree, Medicaps · (2013 - 2017)
 
Page 4 of 4
