 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/dr-avinash-
kumar-singh-2a570a31 (LinkedIn)
avinashkumarsingh.in/ (Personal)
Top Skills
Malware Analysis
Machine Learning
Pattern Recognition
Languages
English (Full Professional)
Hindi (Native or Bilingual)
Bangla (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Introduction to Machine Learning in
Production
Machine Learning Data Lifecycle in
Production
Introduction to Scrum Master
Training
Prompt Engineering for chatGPT
Honors-Awards
Authentication Techniques and Web
Application Security
Publications
NAO Humanoid Robot: Analysis of
Calibration Techniques for Robot
Sketch Drawing
An Empirical Review of Calibration
Techniques for the Pepper
Humanoid Robot's RGB and Depth
Camera
Visual Perception based Criminal
Identification- a query based
approach
Sketch drawing by Nao Humanoid
Robot
Face recognition with liveness
detection using eye and mouth
movement
Dr. Avinash Kumar Singh
Postdoctoral Researcher at University of Montpellier | AI Trainer and
Consultant
Montpellier, Occitanie, France
Summary
Hi, I am Avinash, I am currently associated with LIRMM lab
Montpellier University France as a post-doctoral researcher. Here
we are performing activity recognition for Human robot collaboration.
I am a part of H2020 project SOPHIA.  I work in the domain of
machine learning, deep learning computer vision, natural language
processing and human robot interaction (Yes, it is a big list ). It
has been more than 8 years working in the domain of artificial
intelligence and robotics. I do offer consultancy to industries and
corporate training in Artificial Intelligence. I served more than two
years with Intain Technologies as a Lead AI consultant and helped
them to setup the Artificial Intelligence division (In-D) and design
architectures of various machine learning solutions. I am here
looking for the consultancy and online training opportunities in these
domains.
I started my journey in the domain of AI and robotics as a Ph.D
candidate from Indian Institute of Information Technology Allahabad,
India. During the time of Ph.D, I worked in human-robot interaction
and there we trained Nao humanoid robot to do person identification
both in absence and presence of person image. We also trained
them to dance and sketch. As the extension of my Ph.D work, I
worked two years in the intelligent robotics laboratory at Umea
university Sweden as a post-doctoral researcher. We had a
family of three Pepper robots and we trained them to perform the
collaboration in order to solve a common problem. We further
translated their actions into the natural language so that they
would be understandable at the same time. In another project we
developed an assistance framework so that they can be assistant for
the elderly people and can help them in day to day life. 
From February 2017 to January 2018, I was associated with HCL
Technologies. There, I led the artificial intelligence division. There
were 16 members in my team, I was responsible to handle the client
 
Page 1 of 5
 
 
interaction, gather project requirements and then design the machine
learning solution. From November 2015 to February 2017, I worked
as an associate process manager at eClerx Services Limited. I
worked as a technology specialist for the machine learning solutions.
I used to work with the development team and advise them to where,
how and when machine learning can be implemented in their existing
solutions.
For more information about my research projects, you may visit to
my website and the the youtube channel.
http://avinashkumarsingh.in/
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRdJsCCYkkSp9qhqW4Wbh2Q
Experience
Brane Enterprises Pvt Ltd
Senior Solution Leader
May 2020 - Present (3 years 3 months)
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
I am working with Brane enterprises since May 2020, I helped my team to
build various solutions in the domain of computer vision and deep learning. I
am part of vision for visually impaired people. We developed smart glasses
that can help visually impaired people to recognize objects, their colour and
the distance from the person. Further, we fused the Geo spatial data and
the vision to help them in navigation and to avoid obstacles. Together we
developed solutions for face recognition for low resource devices, object
detection for the large scale objects (>5000) and scene understanding etc.
University of Montpellier
Postdoctoral Researcher
November 2020 - November 2021 (1 year 1 month)
Montpellier, Occitanie, France
I have recently joined the robotics division at LIRMM (University of
Montpellier). I will be working on the European  Project (H2020) SOPHIA. As a
part of the project I would be working on activity recognition that will be useful
in the human robot collaboration. 
Intain - Building Intelligent Blockchains
Lead Consultant
January 2018 - May 2020 (2 years 5 months)
 
Page 2 of 5
 
 
Sweden
At Intain innovation lab, we work on different aspects of artificial intelligence.
We work on  deep neural network, computer vision, machine learning and
natural language processing. We are streamlining the process of digitization
using all these components. The major problem of digitization process is to
handle the unstructured data source. The non linearity present in terms of
different document layout, nomenclature, diversity in scanning, alignment,
document quality, resolution, etc. we try to mitigate these risks using our
state of the art algorithms. Our product In-D can address these challenges
and mitigate the risk. Apart from the product division, we do have patent and
publishing section in Intain where we encourage people to publish their work in
global forums such as in renewed conferences, journals and patents.
Umeå University
Postdoctoral Research Fellow
February 2018 - January 2020 (2 years)
Umea, Sweden
I am working on Human Robot Interaction. We have a family of Pepper Robot
which are used as the testbed for our demonstrations. We are training them
to understand their own limitations and ask human to collectively solve the
problem. We are designing their cognitive model in such a way that they will
learn from human demonstrations/examples
HCL Technologies
Deputy Manager at HCL Technologies
February 2017 - January 2018 (1 year)
Noida Area, India
I worked with HCL Innovation Lab, Noida for almost one year. I lead
the Artificial Intelligence division and executed several projects such as
Information Extraction from the unstructured data sources, Document
Classification and Information Localization, Object Detection, Face & Signature
Verification System, etc.
eClerx
Associate Process Manager
November 2015 - February 2017 (1 year 4 months)
Mumbai Area, India
At eClerx services limited, I worked as a full stack developer for machine
learning based solution. As a developer, I deployed two solutions such as
email classification where I used Bayes, ANN, SVM, KNN, etc. to train the
 
Page 3 of 5
 
 
system, on the other hand in the email information extraction, I used natural
language processing specially named entity recognition to extract information
from the mail communication.
Indian Institute Of Information Technology
Research Scholar
November 2011 - November 2015 (4 years 1 month)
Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh
I pursued my Ph.D in Human Robot Interaction under the supervision of prof.
G C Nandi from Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad, India.
Here is the sort description of my work.
This thesis addresses four problems such as face recognition, face liveness
detection, criminal
identification and sketch drawing by humanoid robot. All these problems are
solved with
respect to the human robot interaction. The existing face recognition problem
has been tackled
with our proposed component based fragmented face recognition framework.
The proposed
framework uses only a subset of the full face such as eyes, nose and mouth to
recognize a
person. It's less searching cost, encouraging accuracy and ability to handle
various challenges
of face recognition offers its applicability on humanoid robots. The second
problem in face
recognition is the face spoofing, in which a face recognition system is not able
to distinguish
between a person and an imposter (photo/video of the genuine user). The
problem will become
more detrimental when robots are used as an authenticator. A depth analysis
method has been
investigated in our research work to test the liveness of imposters to
discriminate them from
the legitimate users. The implication of the previous earned techniques has
been used with
respect to criminal identification with NAO robot. An eyewitness can interact
with NAO
through a user interface. NAO asks several questions about the suspect, such
as age, height,
 
Page 4 of 5
 
 
her/his facial shape and size etc., and then making a guess about her/his face.
A rough set based
reasoning approach has been proposed to map the eyewitness imprecise
knowledge to the
existing criminal database. If the facial description is not matched inside the
database, it is
assumed that there is no previous information about criminal face exists. In all
such cases NAO
help Police sketch artist to create portrait of the criminal.
Education
Indian Institute Of Information Technology
Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.), Information Technology · (2011 - 2015)
Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur
Workshop on Machine Learning , July 1 to 3, 2013, Machine
learning · (2013 - 2013)
Indian Institute of Technology, Madras
DAAD Supported International Workshop on Advances in PDE Modeling
and Computation (APDEMC 2013), Advances in PDE Modeling and
Computation · (2013 - 2013)
National institute of technology Delhi
Faculty Development Programme on Image Processing, Computer Vision
and Pattern Recognition, conducte, Image Processing, Computer Vision and
Pattern Recognition · (2013 - 2013)
Banaras Hindu University
National workshop cum training program on Computing Techniques
and Applications (NWCTP-CTA) during J, Computing Techniques and
Applications · (2012 - 2012)
 
Page 5 of 5
