 
 
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/afaaf-
adam-2694ba265 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Campaign Management
Fundraising
Journalism
Afaaf Adam
Student at INTI International University & Colleges, Copywriter,
Videographer at Southpaw MY & Host of This Week in Maldives
Podcast
Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia
Summary
WHO AM I?
Born and bred in the tiny island nation of Maldives, I moved to the
big city of Kuala Lumpur in 2021 in order to pursue my passion for all
things creative. I am a self-proclaimed film buff, who loves to crochet,
cosplay and play 8-ball pool.  
WHAT DO I DO? 
Currently, I host and produce a weekly podcast titled "This week in
Maldives" for the news portal known as Rashu.mv. I also work part-
time as a videographer for Southpaw Malaysia - a Youtube channel
covering the local MMA scene in Malaysia. 
Prior to arriving in Malaysia for my studies, I joined Raajje TV as
a junior video journalist in the English News department; Later, I
became a news anchor for the local news in English. During my time
at the TV station, I learnt how to create news content under pressure
but I also realised my true passion lies specifically in creative story-
telling, whichever form it may take. 
WHAT YOU REALLY NEED TO KNOW ABOUT ME. I AM:
1) A HARD WORKER - I have made good use of every semester
break since I arrived in the country, taking every opportunity that
came my way to work in this field from copywriting to online content
creation.
2) A PEOPLE-PERSON - To get a story, I have to talk to lots
of people. I also enjoy making people laugh and feel fulfilled by
volunteer work. After high school, I joined the local Rotaract Club
where I organised fundraisers and community service events such
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
as weekly beach cleanups. During my time there, I served one term
each as Treasurer and Secretary. 
3) CREATIVE - On a semester break, I interned in the pre-production
and production phase of the Malaysian TV series "Murder By
Moonlight". Working under the art & costume department, I had to
improvise with the tools and materials provided and create props
within a time limit. Never had I been happier and more excited to
hear the words "figure it out yourself"
4) FAST-LEARNER: When I began most of my various jobs, I often
did not have relevant experience. However, I picked up the required
skills over time while on the job.
Experience
Rashu.mv
Producer + Host
November 2022 - Present (9 months)
Malé, Maldives
Southpaw Malaysia
Videographer
April 2022 - Present (1 year 4 months)
Malaysia
Freelance
Content Writer
2018 - Present (5 years)
Raajje TV
Video Journalist
September 2019 - April 2020 (8 months)
Malé, Maldives
MarComms Maldives
Staff Writer
August 2017 - April 2018 (9 months)
Male' City, Maldives
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
What began as a marketing assistant for Taste Magazine - a bi-monthly
publication covering the Maldives food & beverage industry - soon launched
a career in writing. This was my first foray into writing as a profession and by
the end of my time at Taste magazine, I received the chance to be co-editor-
in-chief on the 5th issue. The experience of working with creative professionals
inspired me to continue working in the media industry.
Education
University of Hertfordshire
Bachelor of Arts - BA, Mass Communication/Media Studies · (April
2020 - December 2023)
INTI International University & Colleges
 · (2020 - 2023)
Centre for Higher Secondary Education
A-levels, Science · (May 2012 - July 2014)
Hiriya School 
O'levels, Science · (2009 - 2011)
 
Page 3 of 3
