 
 
Contact
bhargava.rupal@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/rupal-
bhargava-051021105 (LinkedIn)
universe.bits-pilani.ac.in/pilani/
rupal/profile (Other)
Top Skills
Tableau
Microsoft Power BI
Data Modeling
Languages
English (Full Professional)
Hindi (Full Professional)
Certifications
Natural Language Processing with
Attention Models
Microsoft Certified Technology
Specialist, .Net Framework 4, Web
Applications
Sequence Models
Structuring Machine Learning
Projects
Natural Language Processing with
Sequence Models
Publications
BITS_PILANI_TEAM3 @ POS
Tagging for Code Mix Indian Social
Media
Query Labelling for Indic Languages
using a hybrid approach
BITS_PILANI_TEAM2 @ POS
Tagging for Code Mix Indian Social
Media
Efficient Information Retrieval for
Ambiguous Words
Bits_Pilani@INLI-FIRE-2017: Indian
Native Language Identification using
Deep Learning
Rupal Bhargava
Machine Learning | Data Science | NLP | Speech Processing | Image
Processing
Delhi, India
Summary
⁂ Rupal is a highly motivated researcher, driven by continuous
improvement and a desire to excel on all fronts. The ability to
maximize the potential of team she works for is something she
enjoys immensely, while ensuring collaboration both within and
between teams to get the best possible results.
⁂ She has completed her PhD titled "Learning-based Approaches
for Addressing Challenges in Sentiment Analysis" from Birla Institute
of Technology & Science, Pilani, Pilani Campus, which includes her
involvement in DST SERB Project titled “Design and Development
of Opinion Mining Framework” as Junior Research Fellow. Her PhD
research focused on sentiment analysis of social media text and
targeted related challenges to it. Few of the challenges addressed
were: Text summarization (extractive/abstractive), Spam detection,
Sarcasm detection, Sentiment analysis for code mixed text.
⁂ Broadly, her research interests lie at the intersection of Natural
Language Processing & Machine Learning. More specifically, she
is passionate about developing statistical models for detecting and
analysing linguistic variation in social media with the aim of enriching
user-centric and personalized natural language processing.
⁂ She has a vast experience of research and mentoring. She has
worked with more than 100 learners in guiding/mentoring their thesis
and projects in collaboration with Liverpool John Moore's University,
UK and WiSoc Lab, BITS Pilani, India. In addition to this she also
headed the R&D team of Towards Vision Technologies Pvt. Ltd for
their NLP and Machine learning related industrial projects. 
⁂ She readily brings positivity and ideas to teams and challenges
alike, keeping people focused on tasks and priorities and ensuring
the highest levels of service delivery are met. She facilitates and
 
Page 1 of 3
 
 
builds responsive and cohesive relations that are able to drive
issues/solutions to achieve positive outcomes.
⁂ She's a creativity enthusiast. During her entire research journey,
she's made sure to keep a part of her daily routine dedicated to
learning new skills outside of her expertise, be it subject matter
expertise, communication ethics or research methodologies.
⁂ Feel free to reach out to her at bhargava.rupal@gmail.com for any
assistance with Natural Language Processing, Machine learning,
Data Science, Image Processing or Speech Processing, etc.
Experience
Hero Vired
Faculty data science
February 2023 - Present (6 months)
Delhi, India
upGrad
4 years
Subject Matter Expert |Academic consultation
January 2023 - February 2023 (2 months)
Delhi, India
Senior Delivery Manager
March 2021 - December 2022 (1 year 10 months)
New Delhi, Delhi, India
Subject Matter Expert | Thesis Supervisor
March 2019 - March 2021 (2 years 1 month)
C-Zentrix (Towards Vision Technologies Pvt. Ltd.)
Lead Research Scientist
March 2019 - March 2021 (2 years 1 month)
Gurgaon, India
Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani
Research Scholar
August 2013 - February 2019 (5 years 7 months)
Pilani, Rajasthan, India
 
Page 2 of 3
 
 
Worked as a Research Scholar in Department of Computer Science &
Information System. Pursued Ph.D being associated with DST funded project
- “Design and Development of Opinion Mining Framework “.  Her area of
research includes Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Data
Mining and Information Retrieval.
Department of Science and Technology
Junior Research Fellow
August 2013 - January 2017 (3 years 6 months)
Delhi, India
Worked as Junior Research Fellow for DST-SERB Project Titled, “Design and
Development of Opinion Mining Framework”, part of PhD Thesis.
Education
Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani
Doctor of Philosophy - PhD, Computer Science Engineering · (2013 - 2019)
Banasthali Vidyapith
Master of Technology - MTech, Computer Science Engineering · (2011 - 2013)
Compucom Institute of Information Technology &
Management(Engg. College)
Bachelor of Technology - BTech, Computer Science · (2007 - 2011)
 
Page 3 of 3
