 
 
 
 
 
 
OBJECTIVE 
 
Hastak Desai 
Contact No: +91 70412 92196 
Email address: desaihastak2406@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/hastak-desai 
 
Seeking an organization offering good opportunities for career growth where I can use my experience, 
engineering skills, and knowledge in practice and develop myself along with the development of the 
organization. Willing to work as a key player in a challenging and creative environment. 
 
SKILLS 
 
 
Area of Interest 
Full stack Developer 
Frontend Technologies 
Backend Technologies 
Languages 
 HTML 
 CSS 
 Javascript 
 Typescript 
 Python 
Frameworks/ Libraries 
 React 
 React-Redux 
 Tailwind CSS 
 MUI 
 Django 
 DjangoREST 
 
Other Packages/ Tools/ 
Technologies Known 
 Git 
 GitHub 
 Jira 
 Django Scheduler 
 Django ORM with MySQL 
 Cron Jobs 
 RabbitMQ 
 Redis 
 Postman 
 Docker 
 Docker Compose 
 Kubernetes 
 Skaffold 
 AWS 
 
SUMMARY 
 Have 1.5+ years of industry experience in developing responsive and dynamic web applications using front-
end technologies such as HTML, CSS, TypeScript, JavaScript, React, React-Redux, MUI, and Tailwind CSS. 
 Strong programming skills, especially with python. 
 Proficient in back-end development using Django, DjangoREST, and Django ORM with MySQL, and 
knowledgeable in containerization using Docker, Kubernetes, Skaffold, and Docker Compose. 
 Familiar with various tools including Django Scheduler, Cron Jobs, RabbitMQ, Redis, Postman, and AWS 
infrastructure maintenance and improvement. 
 Utilizes Git and GitHub for version control and collaborating with cross-functional teams, and manages 
project tasks and timelines using JIRA. 
 
 
 
 
EXPERIENCE 
 
 
F(x) Data Labs PVT LTD. 
Software Engineer 
Jan 2022 to Apr 2023 
(Includes 6 months 
internship from JAN 2022 
to JUN 2022) 
 Developed responsive and dynamic web applications using a range of front-end 
technologies including HTML, CSS, TypeScript, JavaScript, React, React-Redux, MUI, 
and Tailwind CSS, combined with the power of back-end development using 
Django and DjangoREST. 
 Proficient in Django Scheduler, Cron Jobs, RabbitMQ, and Redis, utilizing these 
tools to schedule and manage tasks, efficiently handle messages and events, and 
optimize performance. 
 Gained experience in containerization by working with Docker, Kubernetes, 
Skaffold, and Docker Compose for development and deployment purposes. 
 Contributed to the maintenance and improvement of AWS infrastructure, making 
bug fixes and minor changes as needed, while ensuring scalability, security, and 
reliability of the cloud infrastructure. 
 Leveraged Django ORM with MySQL to efficiently manage data models and interact 
with databases, optimizing performance and ensuring data integrity. 
 Demonstrated proficiency in utilizing the Postman tool to effectively test and 
validate REST APIs, ensuring optimal communication between front-end and back-
end systems. 
 Worked with cross-functional teams to design, develop, and deploy web 
applications. 
 Conducted code reviews and provided feedback to team members. 
 Proficient in version control using Git, including various features for managing 
source code and collaborating with team members, and experienced in using 
GitHub as a platform for hosting repositories, managing code reviews, and 
collaborating with other developers. 
 Managed project tasks and timelines using JIRA 
 
 
RECENT PROJECTS 
 
 
Algorithmic 
Cryptocurrency Trading 
Platform 
 As a member of a product development team for company's own product, I have 
been tasked with working on various aspects of the project, including frontend and 
backend development, cryptocurrency data streaming, containerization, and 
deployment. 
 Our main aim is to utilize machine learning algorithms to assist cryptocurrency 
trading for inexperienced individuals, providing an accessible platform that 
simplifies the process for all levels of expertise. 
 Project Technology stack includes:  
 Frontend: Antd Pro, dva, css, Typescript 
 Backend: DjangoREST  
 Data streaming: RabbitMQ 
 Containerization: Docker, Docker Compose, Kubernetes, Skaffold 
 Deployment: GitHub Actions, AWS 
 
AI Cover Letter 
Generator 
 Working on the development of client's project enables users to create customized 
cover letters based on a job listing they have found on LinkedIn. 
 The project aims to streamline the job application process by developing a user-
friendly platform that automatically generates tailored cover letters based on 
specific job requirements, saving users time and increasing their chances of getting 
hired. 
 Integrated Open API and LinkedIn API to enhance the functionality of the 
application 
 Project Technology stack includes:  
 Frontend: React, CSS, MUI 
 Backend: DjangoREST  
 Deployment: GitHub Actions, AWS 
 
 
Financial calculator 
 
 This client project is focused on developing a centralized repayment calculator for 
asset finance brokers, which will require minimal inputs to produce accurate 
results. 
 The calculator will generate an exact repayment amount if all necessary details are 
provided, and a range of repayment amounts if some details are missing. 
 The system will be adaptable to include other types of retail finance in the long 
term. 
 The financier settings will be adjustable, enabling users to make rate changes 
easily. 
 Ultimately, the software will provide an efficient and user-friendly solution for 
stakeholders in the finance process. 
 Project Technology stack includes:  
 Frontend: React, Redux, Tailwind CSS, Typescript 
 
ACHIEVEMENTS & TRAINING 
 Currently doing course ‘Learn React Router 6' on Scrimba. 
 Successfully completed course of ‘Front-End Web UI Frameworks and Tools: Bootstrap 4' from The Hong Kong 
University of science and Technology on Coursera. 
 
EDUCATION 
 
Examination 
College/School 
University/Board 
Month/Year 
Score 
B.E. 
(Computer 
Engineering) 
L. D. College of Engineering, 
Ahmedabad 
Gujarat Technological 
University 
 
May 2022 
 
8.62 CGPA 
Diploma  
(Computer 
Engineering) 
Polytechnic, The Maharaja 
Sayajirao University of 
Baroda, Vadodara 
The Maharaja Sayajirao 
University of Baroda 
 
April 2019 
 
85.6% 
 
SSC 
Raghuvir Vidhya Vihar, 
Ahmedabad 
Gujarat Secondary and Higher 
Secondary Education Board 
 
March 2016 
 
88.17% 
 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DECLARATIONS 
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for 
the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 
 
Hastak Desai 
Date: - 25th April 2023 
Full Name 
: Hastak Arvindbhai Desai 
Date of Birth 
: 24th June 2001 
Languages Known 
: English, Hindi, and Gujarati 
Address 
: A-404, Kavya Residency, Nr. Thakkarbapanagar Canal Road, 
Nava Naroda, Ahmedabad-382350, Gujarat (India) 
