 
 
                       SUMEIRA YOUSUF  
EMAIL: sumairayousuf36@gmail.com | PHONE: +91-9622333402| RAJBAGH SRINAGAR 
 
Professional summary 
 
A hard working and self motivated person who gets thrilled by the opportunity to challenge me in my 
skills and make it grow.Career oriented individual seeking a position with a high level of 
professionalism, patience Flexible with working in all areas of the company to help boost profits that 
benefit the company. Seeking a position that promotes best practice and working experience on 
multiple projects. I would like to be part of a successful team and intend to do my work at best of my 
abilities. 
Education 
 
UNIVERSITY OF KASHMIR  
 Master of Technology (M.Tech) in Computer Science  | CGPA: 9.31 /10 
 
2018-2021 
Position: 1st with Gold Medal 
 
UNIVERSITY OF KASHMIR  
 Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) in Computer Science Engineering | CGPA: 7.71 
2012-2017 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
MALLINSON GIRLS SCHOOL 
Higher Secondary (XII) 
 JKBOSE (The Jammu and Kashmir state board of school education) | CGPA: 8.48 
2010 
 
 
 
 
 
                
                   
 MALLINSON GIRLS SCHOOL 
Secondary (X) 
 JKBOSE (The Jammu and Kashmir state board of school education) | CGPA: 9.26 
2008 
 
 
 
 
 
                
                   
Skills 
 
Programming:  | C| C++|Java. 
Web Applications: Html | Css |Java Script. 
Other:  Data Structures, Network Security, Deep Learning, Machine Learning. 
Soft Skills | Verbal and written Communication | Detail oriented | Active listening | Problem solving | 
Multitasking | Customer needs assessment | phone and chat skills | Time management | Resolving 
customer issues | Team Leader| Motivation| Microsoft  Applications proficiency| MS Office | Business 
Operations | CRM| Strong Work Ethics | Ability to accept and learn from criticism | Public speaking. 
  
Academic Projects 
 
 
                       
LANE DETECTION IN AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES BUILT USING SEMANTIC SEGMENTATION 
 
This project has been designed to detect lanes based on machine learning built using machine 
learning CNN, Python, Keras, NumPy, Tensorflow. 
 
 
Created a semantic segmentation model that takes an image as an input, and provides us 
output, a category classification for every pixel. It uses computer vision 
 
Ideated and developed a model which perfectly worked with offline test data set with 99% 
accuracy, thereby eliminating scalability issues. 
 
It uses a CNN which consists of an encoder and decoder network. 
 
Encoder is the part of the algorithm network structure to extract image features. 
 
 
 
Decoder: This layer is widely used for the pixel-wise classification task  where the feature maps 
have to be restored to original input image size. Its aim is to up-sample the image to get the same 
resolution as the input image.  
 
The final deconvolution layer ends with one filter, as the image is returned image in the ‘G’ 
color channel, as we want the predicted lanes to be in green.  
 
The accuracy was 99% with each epoch where IOU of road pixels had high class score and helps 
to detect a trajectory that is safe and efficient. 
VEHICLE DETECTION 
  
                                                                                            
This project has been designed to detect vehicles based on machine learning built using HOG, 
Python, Keras, NumPy, Tensorflow and SVM. 
 Built a model in python which uses Histogram of Oriented Gradients (HOG) feature extraction 
on a labelled training set of images.  
 It Trains a Linear Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifier.  
 It Implements a sliding-window technique and uses the trained SVM classifier to search for   
vehicles in images. 
 The model runs the pipeline on a video stream and creates a heat map of recurring detections 
frame by frame to reject outliers and follows detected vehicles.  
 We finally estimate a bounding box for vehicles which are detected. 
  Implemented multiprocessing and python libraries to solve scalability challenges and provides a 
better frame rate of average 5.5 fps which is far better than the cv model. 
 The model was able to detect vehicles with 99.26% efficiency. 
DEEP LEARNING IN AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES 
 
 
Designed a simulation model of self driving system using imitation learning policy 
“Behavioral Cloning ,python and PyTorch 
 Using behavioral cloning, we give raw sensor data as input to train our network. 
 The model learns to imitate the actions of the expert system. 
 The output of the network is the driving policy, represented by desired steering angle 
and/or acceleration or breaking. 
 To build the training dataset, we collected about 72 hours of real-world driving videos.  
 During the evaluation, the car was able to drive itself with accuracy of 98%. 
 
FREELANCING ANDROID APPLICATION 
   
                                                                                          
An android application which provides a platform for developers and employers to interact 
with each other and get the projects done within the deadline by hiring the developers with 
suitable profiles using MySQL, PHP, Apache Tomcat server, Java and Android Studio. 
 It is a responsive application and works comfortably on any platform. 
 It provides separate profiles for employers and freelancers where both profiles have different 
features in their corresponding navigation drawers. 
 The application provides Push Notifications, feedback options, chat facility, push project, bid 
project settings, inbox, client verification and authentication. 
 Employers post the project, Choose the perfect freelancer, browse the freelancer profiles, chat in 
real time and pay when satisfied. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Academic Achievements 
 
 
GOLD MEDAL IN M.TECH CS |Received the award on 25-August-2021 through Kashmir 
University for securing First class First position in Master Of Technology in Computer Sciences 
with certificate of merit. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
