SUHAS B M
Davanagere, Karnataka 
+91 6360302143
                                                                         suhasbm44@gmail.com
Linked-in : https://www.linkedin.com/in/suhas-b-m-007079256
Github : https://github.com/i-suhas
Enthusiastic in data science  with a strong foundation in AI and ML. Seeking internship or part-time 
position to gain real-world experience. Proficient in Python, problem-solving, and critical thinking. 
Eager to apply knowledge, learn, and contribute in a dynamic and supportive organization.
Education
GM institute of technology, 
Karnataka 
Artificial intelligence and 
machine learning, Present
Sri Siddaganga  independent 
college, 2018-2020
Result: 84.2%, Jul. 2020
Rashtrotthana  vidya 
Kendra,  cbse  2015-2018
Result: 85.2%, May. 2018
Work Experience
Full stack project intern, Bengaluru, Karnataka
             November. 2021 - April. 2022
Skills & expertise
Languages: 
proficient in python for 
data manipulation
SQL for databses
MACHINE LEARNING-AI 
strong understanding of 
algorithms and 
techniques 
Web Programming: 
html , css , php
Tools: 
Matplotlib,
jupyternotebook
I have worked with sookshmas E-Learning  as a  Java full stack developer 
with a  project and as a group member I enjoyed collaboration with others 
to develop our. One of my notable achievements includes successfully 
developing a "E- Fashion Management system " as a full-stack developer.
  Overview: I have experience in real-time project implementation .
I have helped coordinate programs from start to finish, working closely 
with both colleges and companies
CERTIFICATIONS
Python for data science, AI and development IBM
Introduction to databases for Backend development Meta
Toycathon Ministry of education(Govt of India)
Technical support fundamentals Google
Scientific computing with python Freecodecamp
Advanced data modelling Meta
  PROJECTS: 
Telegram-bot :           Interactive | Python 
Authentication system :        PHP | Database
Emoji_Fier :      ML | Django , emojis prediction with the help of Machine 
learning
Visulaization :      world GDP data is analysed ,computed and visualized growth 
per captia
ACHIEVEMENTS
 
My passion towards technology is also accompanied by sports with 
significant achievement in wrestling, judo and powerlifting in VTU state 
level (4medals) 
 
Toycathon finalist ,  represented as team leader of  team forca-alliance 
Interests
 
Travelling
 
Coding
 
Sports
