SUNITA GHALE 
8B Court Parade, Wembley, Middlesex, HA0 3HY 
07727353665 | sunitaghale55@gmail.com 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sunitaghale/ 
 
A highly motivated and driven digital marketing graduate with Distinction and additional in-depth 
training in SEO, SEM, Social media marketing, and Email marketing; with skills and capabilities in 
planning and executing successful marketing campaigns across numerous digital channels. Capable 
of conducting market research and an audit that results in strategic planning for boosting website 
traffic, generating leads, and improving ROI with good understanding of Google Analytics, AdWords, 
and other marketing tools. Good communication, teamwork, management, and the ability to 
operate under pressure are all acquired through academic and hospitality experiences. 
 
Professional Experience: 
Trainee - Broadway Infosys, Nepal  
 
 
 
            (17th Jan 2023 - Present) 
  
Analysing latest digital marketing trends and utilising those trends to create a marketing campaign. 
  
Built a website (eventskhoji.com) using WordPress and published blogs into it. 
  
Performed both On- page & Off- page SEO to boost visibility & traffics to the website, while continuously 
improving user accessibility. 
  
Created a Digital Marketing Hub 2023 Facebook page and promoted social media advertisement contents 
focusing on targeted audience group. Personal accounts for Instagram/ LinkedIn/ Twitter/ YouTube were 
utilized for social media optimisation.  
  
Monitoring website performance via Google analytics and using those analytics for strategic planning.  
 
Crowne Plaza & Holiday Inn Express T4, London 
 
 
 
    (Jan 2019 - Nov 2020)                      
Dual IHG branded property in London Heathrow T4 - 761-bedroom property (Crowne Plaza 304) & 457 
Holiday Inn Express T4. 
▪ Guest Relations Manager 
 
 
 
 
 
    (Dec 2019 - Nov 2020) 
  
Oversee and coordinate all arrivals and departures of special guests (VIPs, Sas, etc) whilst 
ensuring they receive an outstanding, seamless, 5-star service in all interactions with the team 
members. 
  
Coordinate and manage communication between guests and staff and follow up to ensure we 
resolve customer concerns. 
  
To motivate, drive and monitor the FOH team with regards to all up-selling opportunities, IHG 
enrolments and customer success Stories - always going the ‘extra mile'. 
  
Regularly analyse IHG Heartbeat score (CSM Metrics) and leverage the reports to achieve highest 
guest satisfaction level.  
  
Monitor and respond to TripAdvisor, Bookings.com, Hotels.com, IHG booking customer 
feedback. 
Skills: Excellent communication skills, problem solving, multitasking, Leadership, active listening 
 
▪ Reception Supervisor                                                                                       (July 2019 - Nov 2019) 
  
Leading the reception team on shift to enhance guest's stay experience by welcome, check in, 
check out, special requests, room allocations and informing the team of any special events or VIP 
Guests in the hotel.  
  
Engaging with guests to ensure they are made to feel comfortable and addressing any of their 
needs/complaints promptly. 
  
Coordinating with other departments to ensure consistent standards are maintained. 
  
Monitor the appearance, standards, and performance of receptionists with an emphasis on 
training and teamwork to achieve their objectives/ targets and development goals. 
  
Working as a duty manager in an allocated shift when required. 
Skills: People management, Interpersonal skills, Multitasking, Attention to detail, Team player, 
organisational skill 
 
▪ Front desk Receptionist 
 
 
 
 
 
   (Jan 2019 - June 2019) 
  
Perform all check-in and check-out tasks adhere to IHG brand standard. 
  
Provide information about hotel, available rooms, rates, and amenities. 
  
Liaise with housekeeping staff to ensure all rooms are clean, tidy, and fully functional. 
  
Enrol guest in IHG loyalty programme and upsell additional services. 
  
Dealing with special requests, such as room service, taxi bookings or wake-up calls. 
 
Customer Service Supervisor at Wasabi Sushi & Bento 
 
 
  (April 2017 - Dec 2018) 
Team leader at Mr Chan's Chinese Restaurant 
 
 
 
    (July 2011 - Feb 2017) 
 
Academic Qualifications:  
MSc. Digital Marketing (Distinction) - University of West London, UK 
 
      (2021 - 2022) 
BA (Hons) International Hotel Management - University of West London, UK 
      (2014 - 2018)  
BTEC Level 3 Diploma - Harrow College, UK  
 
 
 
 
      (2011 - 2014) 
Higher Education- Himalayan Whitehouse, Nepal                                                                (2009 - 2010) 
School Leaving Certificate - Graded English Medium School, Nepal 
 
      (2001 - 2009) 
 
Other Tools:  
SEO Software Tools:  SEMRUSH, SE Ranking, Google search console, Yoast SEO, Ahrefs, Serpstat, 
SEOptimer, Screaming Frog, Ubersuggest, Keyword Hero 
Social Media Management platform: Hootsuite, Sprout Social   
Other: Canva, HubSpot, Mailchimp, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint 
 
References available on request. 
