Suraj Prakash
Kondapur, Hyderabad, Telangana 500084
 +91 7488181685
 surajprakash.goodwill@gmail.com
 Linked-In
 GitHub: suraj prakash repo.....
Education
Guru Gobind Singh Educational Society's Technical Campus
Sep. 2017 - Oct 2021
B.Tech in Electrical And Electronics Engineering
Chas, Jharkhand
D.A.V Public School
Sep. 2015 - May 2017
10th , 12th
Bokaro Steel City, Jharkhand
Relevant Coursework
  Data Structures
  SQL
  Algorithms Analysis
  Database Management
  OS And Networking
  Unix And Git
  Analog And Digital
  Auto CAD Electrical
Projects
∗ − − > Employee Management System | Core Java (Swing and AWT), MySQL, JDBC
Major  Link
  Employee Management System Java Project allows us to manage all employee information in a database where you can
check and update and view employee details and can delete them in case an employee leaves the company.
  For a further and deeper understanding, I even referred to some articles, creators, websites and blogs.
  Technologies Used: Core Java, net beans, concepts of swings and applets
  Database Used: MySQL
∗ − − > Quiz-Application | Java, Desktop Based Application
Minor-1  Link
  It is a Desktop Based Application with the help of Java Swing, core Java and Abstract Window Tool-kit.
  UI and frame is built with the help of swing and awt, Core Java concept used like OOPs, method overloading,
overriding, Inheritance, Abstract Class, Graphics Class etc.
  Here 4 class I made respective to its frame i.e login, Rules, Quiz Interface with ongoing graphics class timer with lifeline
and Scoreboard frame at last to show the result.
∗ − − > Private-Messenger | Java, Apache Netbeans, Socket Programming, Multicasting
Minor-2  Link
  It is a simple chat application between a server and a client. The application is a desktop-based application and is
implemented using Swing and AWT. The project is developed in Java SE language and executed on a single stand-alone
java across a network using the Loopback address concept.
  It is a Desktop Based chatting application with the help of Java Swing to make the frame, Socket programming to
transfer messages from server and Client.
  I tried to make frame, looks, working similar to whatsApp chatting window.
Workshops/Projects(Electrical)
UAV(Hexacopter DRONE) | Multi-Rotor,APM 2.8 flight Controller, autopilot Software
GD : Link
  Weight-3.5kg, Rotor-8, Endurance-25min, Payload-2kg.
  Sensors: Gyroscopes, Magnetometers, Accelerometer, GPS, Barometer Pressure Sensor, Compass, Lidar
  Tasks with limited budgets, time and large area coverage with hard-to-reach places having difficult terrains can be
counter easily with UN-Manned Aerial Vehicles remote access control and safety of a pilot onboard.
AUTO CAD ELECTRICAL | Indo Danish Tool Room(MSME), Jamshedpur
Certificate : Link
  Electrical computer-aided design (ECAD) software systems are used to design and develop electronic systems such as
printed circuit boards (PCBs) and integrated circuits (ICs).
  ECAD software enables electrical engineers to create as well as modify diagrams and layouts including 2D and 3D
models.
Technical Skills
Languages: Java, HTML/CSS, SQL, Matlab.
Developer Tools: Apache Netbeans, Atom, BootStrap, Eclipse, Azure.
Technologies/Frameworks: Linux, GitHub, Bitbucket, WordPress.
