V i j a y  D h a g e
M A C H I N H E  L E A R N I N G  E N G I N E E R
9552062808
Yaldarkar Colany, Basmat Road,
Parbhani 431401.
dhage.vijay678@gmail.com
A professional with 3+ years of functional experience in preparing data, developing
and deploying highly scalable machine learning models. Hands on experience in
delivering valuable insights via data analytics and advanced data driven methods.  
worked on end to end ML and NLP project from data gathering g to model
deployment.
Excellent understanding of Machine learning  (both supervised and unsupervised )
techniques.
Experience with common data science toolkits such as Anaconda, NumPy, Pandas,
Matplotlib, Seaborn, scikit-learn, NLTK etc.
Well applied statistical skills such as distribution, statistical testing, regression,
correlation etc.
Well knowledge about the feature engineering and feature selection methods
Also worked on the API creation and model deployment part with AWS and analyze
the model performance and its accuracy.
English
Hindi
Marathi
L A N G U A G E
 knowledge of Machine Learning (both
Supervised and Unsupervised) : Linear
Regression, Logistic Regression, KNN,
Decision Tree, Random Forest, Adaboost,
Naive Bayes, K-Means Clustering, PCA 
Python/ Machine Learning Packages :
TensorFlow, Scikit-Learn, Pandas, NumPY,
Plotly, Matplotlib, Seaborn For Visualization,
Regex. 
Text Pre-Processing (NLP) : NLTK, Gensim,
Spacy, Tf-IDf, bag of words, Word2Vec,
Clustering and modelling.
Programming Languages : Python.
Database Languages : SQL, MongoDB.
Cloud : AWS, Azure.
Visualization tool : PowerBI
Frame Work : Flask, Django.
Other Skills : Jira, Postman, Excel, Windows,
Linux.
Project understanding & Co-ordination
 Strong decision maker
Quick Learner
 Adaptability
Honest
Domain : Finance
In this project our aim is to find the claim made by insured is fraudulent or not. To find
this we build a model with the help of Machine Learning technique which saves time
and get information about fraud claim . So that the correct insured claim will get the
money in less time and fraud claim will be caught easily and dismissed also.
Roles and Responsibilities : 
PROJECT 3 : SENTIMENT ANALYSIS WITH ROOT CAUSE DETECTION
Domain : Finance
In this project our aim is to find that, if we give credit card to the customer then that
customer  will refund all the money or not. On the basis of that client will decide to give
the credit card to the customer.
Roles and Responsibilities :
E D U C A T I O N
P R O F E S S I O N A L
E X P E R I E N C E
3+ Years of working experience with Bitwise
as Machine Learning Engineer from April
2020 till Date.
BE (ENTC)| SSBT'S COET Bambhori, Jalgaon |
2019 | 7.52
HSC |Vishwabharati Niwasi Jr. College | 2015 |
63.85% 
 SSC| Gandhi Vidhlaya Parbhani | 2012 | 82.55%
T E C H N I C A L  S K I L L S
K E Y  S K I L L S
P E R S O N A L  D E T A I L S
DOB : 20 / 10 / 1996
Marital Status : Single
Hobbies : Travelling , Listening Music,
Watching Movies.
P R O J E C T
PROJECT  1 :  FRAUDULENT INSURANCE CLAIM IDENTIFICATION.
PROJECT 2 : CREDIT CARD DEFAULTER PREDICTION
In this  project , we get the data of the sentiments of the customers on products of
client and based on that sentiments we  try to find the reason behind the less sell of the
product and build a model  which detect the bad sentiments and their  cause and help
client to improve the services and increase sell.
Roles and Responsibilities :
P R O F E S S I O N A L  S U M M A R Y
Help develop vision, business case, modelling and operational project plans for end-
to-end ML solutions. 
Lead the development of data science/ML models for high business areas .
 Work on all stages of data science / ML project -exploration and conceptualization
POC (Proof of concept), data preparation and model deployment.
 Lead the development of standard building blocks for usage across multiple ML
algorithm. 
Create API's and deploy the model on cloud.
 To carryout pre-processing, cleaning of data and to verify integrity of data
 To visualize and analyse data with data visualization with various python libraries to
get insights of available data
 To develop appropriate machine learning model using various algorithms so it can
satisfy the requirements with better efficiency.
 To develop appropriate machine learning model using various algorithms so it can
satisfy the requirements with better efficiency.
To perform Tokenization and crating data frames by using Count vectorizer like Bag
of words and TF-IDF Word2Vec. Feature extraction and feature selection.
 Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor
outcomes.
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyse model performance and data
accuracy.
