+91 8447966555
Yuktabhutani001@gmail.com 
New Delhi
C O N T A C T
C E R T I F I C A T I O N S
E D U C A T I O N
W O R K  E X P E R I E N C E
Certification in social media and marketing 
Certification course in fundamental of digital
marketing from Google 
Certification in social media marketing  
 Certification in inbound marketing from Hubspot 
Mass Communication And Journalism  
Manav RACHNA INSTITUTE OF
RESEARCH AND STUDIES
2018-2021
Learned about the dynamic and diverse field of
journalism and mass communication, while also
studying a variety of subjects such as PR,
writing, photography, graphic designing and
digital marketing.
Account Management and Client Servicing 
Freeskout 
Conduct market research and analysis to evaluate brand awareness, upcoming
trends and target audience.
Overseeing the development of marketing materials, managing advertising
campaigns, and coordinating with other departments to ensure that campaigns
are executed smoothly.  
Generated new ideas and innovative ideas on multiple campaigns. 
Handling end to end communication, schedules and post cycle with influencers. 
Identify and liaisee with relevant influencers, negotiating fair rates for content
and ensuring the relevant agreements are in place.   
Tracking and maintaining performance metrics for all campaigns and ensuring
achievement of campaign goals. 
Aug 2022-Mar 2023
I N T E R N S H I P S
Social media marketing internship 
Social media marketing internship
Influencer marketing internship
------------THEDESIGNCART 
------------KEYARTNDESIGN
-------------GRAYMATTERS
Y U K T A  B H U T A N I
M A R K E T I N G  E X E C U T I V E
Social Media Marketing Executive
Address Home Decor 
Managing company's online presence over instagram and Facebook and
creating the strategies for the same. 
Created content as well as posters that resonates with the target audience and
supports the company's brand identity.
Building relationships with social media influencers and partnering with them to
promote the company's products. 
Planning and creating marketing calendars and strategies for the promotion of
the brand.  
Mainting good communication and coordination with the clients. 
Managing franchise outlets of the company and taking regular updates and
followup from the owners. 
Managing the company's social media budget, which includes allocating
resources to different campaigns and tracking expenses.
Coordinating with other teams such as marketing, sales, and customer service,
to ensure that social media campaigns align with the company's overall goals.
Dec 2021-Aug 2022
 
Certification in content marketing from Hubspot
Certification in Email marketing from Hubspot 
Influencer Marketing Executive  
Whizco 
Onboarded more than 500 content creators on leading applications like
MXTakatak, Netflix, Roposo, Tiki, instagram and many more social media
platforms. 
Checking the quality of content posted by creaters and helping them to maintain
the same.  
Finding, convincing and maintaining cordial relationship with the content  creators
and clients  
Coordinating with influencers about the clients requirement/feedback on emails,
calls and address their concerns.  
Support in the development and execution of researching potential influencers,
building relationships with them, and negotiating partnerships.
Managed influencer campaigns, which includes tracking performance metrics,
analyzing data, and optimizing campaigns to achieve maximum ROI.
Coordinated with other departments, such as marketing, PR, and social media, to
ensure that influencer campaigns align with the company's overall marketing
strategy.
Measured the effectiveness of influencer campaigns, using metrics such as
reach, engagement, and conversions.
 
S U M M A R Y
Dedicated expertise with the track record of
achieving business objectives through
systematic and regular procedures by using
marketing tactics and campaigns to fuel
business expansion and growth.  
DEC 2020- DEC 2021
 
