
; ,
, 
EDUCATION
King's College London
Sept. 2022
MSc Artificial Intelligence
Pass with Merit (68%)
 
Relevant Modules: Data Mining, AI Planning, Computer Vision, AI Reasoning & Decision Making,
Nature-Inspired Learning Algorithms, Pattern Recognition, Neural Networks, and Deep Learning.
 
Dissertation: Explainable Predictive Frameworks from Medical Time Series supervised by Dr. Zina Ibrahim.
 
Aim: Develop an interpretable classifier using a next-generation Neurosymbolic AI approach, “Logic
Explained Networks” that produces first-order logic explanations for time-series data. Github
Anna University
May 2021
B.Engg. Computer Science & Engineering
CGPA : 8.7/10
 
Team Research Project: Early Detection of Alzheimer's Disease
 
Proposed a novel approach of combining Residual Neural Networks(ResNet) and Ensemble Learning
(Majority Voting).
 
Led the team to preprocess MRI Brain Images from the ADNI dataset and implement the ResNet
classifier using Transfer Learning. Github
WORK EXPERIENCE
National Health Service (NHS - CAMHS) London, UK
Feb 2023 - Present
Clinical Informatician
 
Conducted research and developed extensions for NLP solutions to analyse unstructured health records data.
 
Developed several Robotic Process Automation (RPA) bots using industry-leading technologies to automate
business processes and enhance operational efficiency.
 
Conducted rigorous testing and debugging of RPA bots to ensure accurate functionality, identify and resolve
issues, and optimize performance.
Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (KCL) London, UK
Aug 2022 - Feb 2023
Senior Analyst (Part-time)
 
Performed data extraction, manipulation, and analysis using Microsoft SQL Server for ADHD research
projects.
 
Created impactful reports, dashboards, and data visualizations using Power BI to analyse mental health data.
Predactica LLC Remote
Aug 2021 - Oct 2022
AI/ML R&D consultant (Part-time)
 
Worked on researching and developing Explainable AI capabilities to generate global and local explanations
using the SHAP and LIME libraries.
 
Tested counterfactual understanding of churn data and performed clustering for customer segmentation to
help Fortune 500 companies diagnose and reduce customer churn rate resulting in a 20% increase in revenue.
 
Authored optimal codes to effectively formulate Model Stability using Population Stability Index (PSI) and
Characteristic Stability Index (CSI).
 
Acted as a single point of communication between the intern team and management team to engineer the
new features and integrate them into the existing product.
 
Built LSTM, CNN, NN, and BERT models to test various explainability libraries like SHAP, LIME, and ex-BERT
using TensorFlow and Huggingface.
Hatch Chennai, India
June 2019 - July 2019
Software Developer (Intern)
 
Collaborated with the developer team to work on the demands specified by the client and created a
prototype for a mobile application using React-Native that underwent various mockups.
TECHNICAL SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS
Technologies:
Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, NLP, Computer Vision
Programming:
Python, C, C++, Dart, Matlab, R
Databases:
MySQL, FireBase
Libraries:
Tensorflow, Pytorch, Keras, Scikit Learn, NLTK, Numpy, Pandas, SHAP, LIME, DICE
Certifications:
Artificial Intelligence(Harvard University), Machine Learning(Stanford University),
Deep Learning Specialization (CNN, LSTM from Coursera),
Introduction to Programming using Python(Microsoft, Credential ID - wLps5-H9MW)
PROJECTS
People Detection, Tracking and Counting
June 2021
 
Developed an object detector, tracker, and counter in TensorFlow using state-of-the-art techniques - YOLOv4
and DeepSORT. GitHub
AI in Marketing
Jan. 2021
 
Trained a K-Means Clustering Model on customer dataset to identify similar groups which can be used for
targeted ads or customised marketing campaigns.
 
Performed Exploratory Data Analysis and PCA dimensionality reduction. GitHub
Credit Card Default Detection
May 2020
 
Trained an XGBoost model with hyperparameter tuning by a Grid search to predict if a customer would
default on credit card payments. GitHub
ACHIEVEMENTS
Winner, Smart India Hackathon
Aug. 2020
 
Developed ‘MIDDAY MEALS', an automated auditing system to monitor the free lunch scheme employed in
over 1 million schools across India, for a 36-hour hackathon conducted by The Government of India.
 
Achieved 95% accuracy for Custom Food Detection model trained in SSD EfficientDet. Github
Winner, Think-a-thon
Feb. 2019
 
Created prototype of Optical Character Recognition (OCR) system for automating and validating bank cheques
using Tesseract and Android Studio for a 24-hour hackathon conducted by Anna University, India. Github
Best Innovation Award, SAACHACK
July 2018
 
Designed and implemented the project ‘ParkSmart', an automated cloud-based parking system using Android
Studio for a 24-hour hackathon conducted by Anna University, India. Github
LEADERSHIP RESPONSIBILITIES & VOLUNTEERING EXPERIENCE
Python Instructor, Hatch School of Code
May 2020 - Aug 2020
 
Taught foundational basics to advanced-level hands-on Python coding for kids of age 5 to 15.
President, Association of Computer Engineers, Anna University
July 2018 - May 2021
 
Played a crucial role in organising various technical events, hackathons, and the National level Symposium
“Interrupt” for three consecutive years as a president, secretary, and an executive member.
 
Accomplished a 40% increase in student participation by enforcing new marketing strategies.
